DataSet Entry ID	Text	Tagger Pid	Date	Defect Severity	Injury Timing	Defective Component	Complaint Type	DERIVED-Defect	Comment	Authority?
55381727	So when I got this I was super stoked to finally have a dishwasher. My feeling of happiness quickly depleted when i realized that the hose to hook into my faucet was not going to fit. Since there was no way I was going to buy a new faucet I decided to return the dishwasher. I was also sad the my larger dishes did not fit in the unit, they were too big and they are not all that big.So i emailed the company and they sent me return directions. I was surprised that they did not have pre-printed labels for return, I sucked it up thinking that maybe they would return the shipping price when the refund the dishwasher. I have NEVER had to pay for both shipping to me and return shipping in all of my years of online shopping. One way sure, but not both. So I ended up paying over $100.00 in shipping costs which is half the price of the damn thing! So two weeks later, I still had not received my refund so i ended up having to email the company again. This morning I FINALLY get my email stating that the refunded me, but of course only the amount of the product and not the shipping as well. So I'm out over a $100 on a product I never got to use. I should have just bought a new damn faucet and kept the thing it probably would have saved me money. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:01:47	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
36844672	Doesn't get dishes clean, even with pre-wash. The normal cycle takes over an hour. The sanitize takes about 3.5 hours to run. The locking mechanism is not well thought out. It has needed repairs. This time we are replacing it. I want my money back! 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:06:24	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
67108183	My family of four has had this DW for 5+ years.  It has stopped working three times.  I don't recall the exact amounts, but I estimate we have spent over $300 in repair and parts costs, all told.  Danby parts can't be obtained quickly/easily and I had one certified Danby Tech. in a 100 mile radius to call for help, glean from this what you will.  This is not the sort of machine that can be fixed by even the most adept DIYer.  The first breakdown was due to a plastic part well inside and protected, that cracked.  The second time it stopped working the repair person replaced the latch and coordinating sensor, saying that it was a common failure with this model.  I'm not paying to find out what's wrong this time, but it's been leaking every few cycles for weeks and now just won't go.  It has been five months since our last repair.When we purchased this machine it was one of the only 18 models to be found.  Now that larger manufacturers all have small 18 models available we will be purchasing one of these.  I'm leaning towards a GE, from Sears.  I am Looking forward to years of worry free use.  Unlike our experience with the Danby. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:11:50	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17522301	Lifesaver.  When I say I don't like doing dishes, I mean it.  I moved into a small apartment on the beach 2 years ago... great location, but no dishwasher.This little guy gets the job done, and has plenty of room for 2 or 3 settings of 2-3 people.  Have had it almost 4 months, use it almost everyday and no problems to date. Cleans all the dishes and kitchenware extremely well.  For around $200, it was a steal! 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:16:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84776445	Purchased this dishwasher from Lowes little less than 2 years ago.  At first, really liked it.  Then downhill from there.Was super quiet initially then the motor became louder and louder.  While under 1 yr warranty, Lowes rep came out and replaced motor.  Apparently this is common based on discussions with him.The replaced motor is now getting louder, again.  But as of yesterday, the dishwasher stopped working entirely; like it didn't have power.  I checked everything (wiring, circuit, etc) and confirmed it has power but nothing will light up or even power on.  Called Samsung to troubleshoot and they stated its the control panel and needs to be replaced.As with another poster, the upper rack clip also broke within a year of purchase and I ended using plastic zip ties.Junk, junk, JUNK!Buyer beware!  Don't buy this! 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:19:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
40458580	I decided to post this review after reading the one negative review it received.I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars, because i can imagine there may be some other dishwasher out there that might be better; however i still feel this is a GREAT unit.I always rinse my dishes before loading them into a dishwasher, i think that's just good practice; so i never had a problem with it not cleaning the dishes properly.I've owned mine since 2010; Lived with it for about a year and a half,and now, I'm renting my place out where the tenant i'm renting to is using it - He's been living there for about a year and a half.  I was in his apartment the other day and noticed he was using the dishwasher - I'm sure if there was a problem with it, he'd have been washing dishes by hand.Additionally, I just ordered 2 more (because i've had such a good experience with mine)and will be putting them in 2 apartments i'm currently renovating - And will more than likely be putting it in another one, as soon as I'm done with the current 2.It looks cool.And it does a great job.The one bad review states it's difficult to organize your items ... but i've never had that problem.It's a small unit - You just got to make due with what you have - Seriously, if you need something small, and hate washing dishes, this is a GREAT unit.I highly recommend. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:26:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
27419095	This dishwasher is absolutely wonderful. Was easy to set up (except be sure to push the washer arm down into place - mine had come out in shipping despite being very well packaged, no biggie). I can't believe how many dishes fit and get washed so thoroughly in this little thing! It does a perfect job of washing dishes. The hose goes on  off the faucet with ease in 2 seconds using their supplied adaptor. Seems very sturdy and well made. My only complaint was that the instructions tell you to be sure to use dishwasher detergent with chemicals. This is ridiculous - you can now purchase natural dishwasher detergent at most health food stores, and the one I am using works like a charm (Seventh Generation Automatic Dishwashing Detergent). My kitchen is tiny but this guy fits perfectly between counter and cupboard. I can't believe I waited so long to get a dishwasher, what a time saver!!!Update after using it daily for over 3 years: Love it even more!!! I have never had a single problem with it. Completely dependable and does a great job cleaning my dishes. Still using the natural dishwasher detergent with excellent results. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:31:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
44437595	Purchased the unit based on the Matag history.  Worked fine for 6 months then it developed a load noise.Service said it was a warped motor assembly.  Had it replaced.  2 months later same problem they replaced the unit again.  Started making the noise again they finally decided that the stainless interior had warped and they needed to replace the entire unit.  Ordered replacement waited a week without washer and when it arrived as they were taking it out of the box they noticed that the bottom feet where bent and broken.  Ordered a replacement for the replacement and after another week it arrived and when opened the bottom of it was more damaged that the first one.  Vendor replaced it with a GE unit and am totally happy. Matag quality is not what it was. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:38:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
42863812	I have the previous version of Danby dishwasher, 496, but I want to comment on how great a machine it has been for me.  I bought the DDW496W almost 4 years ago, while living in small apartment, expecting my 4th child.  I knew I would never be able to keep up with the hand-washing any more.  I have never regretted the decision.  After getting used to the size of the machine and getting into the groove of what I could fit into it, I was very satisfied.The only trouble I have ever had with the machine is that the hoses have loosened a bit over time, and water has leaked under the machine.  Once I realized the problem, and tightened the hoses back up, the leaking stopped.  There was also a time when I noticed a black scum building up around the heating element, but it turned out to be a by-product of my natural dishwasher detergent and had nothing to do with the machine itself.  Another time, the machine sudsed all over the place, but that was because I had tried out a new detergent and added rinse guard all at once.  Too much detergent.  Now I use the basic store brand gels, about 1T per load, and never have any trouble with over-sudsing.We have a lot of dirty dishes, and I run my machine at least 3 times a day.  When a load is done, I either leave it in the Danby with the door all the way open to air dry, or unload it into a dish-drying rack and put in the next load (depending on how quickly I need to wash the next dishes).  It's worth it to me to run it 3 times a day, and only wash pots, pans, and other big items at the end of the day ... as opposed to washing every thing by hand every day.I also love the water-heating element.  It gets the water super-hot and cleans/sanitizes my dishes very well.With very little TLC, and running the machine so often, I am surprised at long it has lasted.  I still use it every day, now with six kids in a 3-bedroom apartment.I love this machine and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an alternative to hand-washing all those dishes. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 15:47:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48125850	We purchased this Sansung dishwasher and completely regret it. It simply does not work. It doesn't clean dishes very well and does not dry them at all. We ran the dishwasher and didn't open it until 2 days later. The dishes were soaking wet. We're in the process of trying to return it. Buyer beware! 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:02:12	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
3024655	In my diligent research of dishwashers I found a couple of Bosch DW's to be highly rated. so I looked deeper and went with a 300 Series that fit my budget of about $750. I wanted a very quiet DW and selected one with a 48 dBA. The dishwasher is very quiet, but that's all. I have never had a load that didn't come out with some filminess on the glasses. I followed and used only Bosch suggested detergent and rinse agent. I kept the filters clean but have never seen a truly clean load. I have had the DW for 7 months and it only gets worse. it improves slightly after cleaning the filters, but never perfect. I would not recommend this or any Bosch DW to anyone. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:10:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
43585142	Maytag doesn't repair their own machines!  They can't even place a sticker #34; not working order#34; on their machines or repair their own answering service which is choppy when trying to call them!  More than money lost is sad working order machines that cost clothing to be left wet and have to be hung out where there is no place to hang and time lost! 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:15:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	This review doesn't pertain to dishwashers so available tags are not suitable	false
41179111	From our point of view, this dishwasher was a mistake. It works, but needs a lot of fussing and maintenance.  Here's our experience.1) Initially, we were impressed. The machine is VERY quiet and it has a cleverly designed rack that lets you load in big serving platters or stack, say, mixing bowls on top of plates. But it quickly became apparent that it wasn't cleaning those bowls well. It had all this extra capacity, but if you actually used it you would be sorry. The salesman at the store said this was because dishwasher soap had been reformulated to eliminate phosphates. Between that and the minimal water usage (another feature), the machine just didn't have enough oomph to clean a big load. After a lot of tinkering, we solved this by increasing the amount of drying agent used per load and adding half a cup of Borax per load--a nuisance.2) Then we discovered that the gasket on the bottom over the washer mechanism is badly designed--it lets gunk into the system, and after it builds up a while the gunk starts to coat the dishes. You can clean out the area, but this involves removing 13 screws (maddeningly, one of them is a different size than the others) and pulling out a number of pieces. We have ended up having to clean it out about once every six months.3) Finally, after a year and a half, we began getting an 0e error. The dishwasher would stop with the indicator flashing 0e, which indicates that the washer is overflowing.  But it wasn't overflowing--the washer was stopping just as the water began flowing in. We ended up having to remove a float sensor on the side of the machine and clean out everything around it, which took a couple of hours. I expect we'll have to do this again.In short, the machine doesn't really clean dishes that well, and truly can't clean itself, which has been a problem for us. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:31:20	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46496347	I have only used the dishwasher three times since getting it but it has performed perfectly. No, it does not hold every dish you own, but it will easily hold the dishes and cookware generated by one or two people a day. But then, in my world, simply not having to wash silverware anymore is absolutely worth the price.(One minor hiccup; the adapter that screws into the faucet did not fit my faucet as it is an older one on a sink in my mud room. I took the adapter to Menards and they fixed me right up with a converter adapter.) 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:36:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
63356836	Update: I purchased this dishwasher about a year ago and no issues so far. 3/14/14I didn't buy from Amazon, and I bought an extra warranty due to some of the reviews I've seen.  A drawer style dishwasher was my only option due to a design flaw in the kitchen. Purchased March 2013, so far no issues with the dishwasher.I like being able to save water and only run a single drawer at a time, but have the option of running both when needed.  Each drawer only uses 2 gallons of water for a full wash cycle.  With a typical dishwasher I have to run the rinse cycle at least once to keep it from stinking until I am able to fill it and run a full cycle.  The installers told me to make sure to not put anything too tall in the drawer as it would prevent it from sealing during the wash cycle and cause leakage.  I have some large dishes, but they fit; no I cannot fit some of my large cutting boards and cookie sheets, but those won't fit or barely fit in many dishwashers. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:41:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14504826	I love love love this dishwasher! Great for the price. I was worried because I had never heard of the brand before but its wonderful and fits a lot more dishes than we expected and gets everything super clean. 	ctress10	10-18-2015 16:46:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34311115	After 4 service visits and 1 in-shop service my Electrolux dishwasher still does not work properly. Authorized servicer came to evaluate why my Electrolux dishwasher did not work. He required prepayment to do the work and order a new drain pump. The drain pump was installed a few days later and it did not fix the problem. Ordered an additional upgrade kit and again installed the new part a few days later and the dishwasher still did not work.  Ordered a new computerboard and installed it a few days later with the same results. Authorized servicer requested to pick up my dishwasher to investigate the problem at their shop. The dishwasher was returned after a leak in the drain pan requiring an O ring that was not installed when manufactured and the hose clamp that was not tight enough to eliminate leakage. It was then finally able to start and not shutdown with blinking lights. Now, I have runned the dishwasher multiple times (at least 6) and with various types of dishwashing detergents (i.e. liquids and powders) and it does not clean ...the detergent does not dispense properly, meaning the water does not get hot enough to disburse the detergent. After 5 days of attempting to use the dishwasher I am done with this Electrolux product and am disputing my original charges with the authorized servicer. In the meantime, I'm going to purchase a Bosch. 	ctress10	10-19-2015 11:08:30	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39532144	Same exact thing as all the other negative reviews on this one.  Bought due to the positive reviews in consumer reports and also because we had a 10 year old Whirlpool Gold that worked great.  Thought Whirlpool would be a quality brand.  Same symptoms, If I have to fill my dishwasher on both racks, I have to remove all the bottom rack items and then put the 'still' dirty items from the top rack in and run it again.  So much for energy savings!  Now I'm off to find a brand that will be quality to replace this one.  This is now out of warranty and its at least 91.00 just for a service call to have it diagnosed.  The repair man came out once already and said he didn't see anything wrong. 	ctress10	10-19-2015 11:08:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
1324028	I bought this roughly a month and a half ago. Works really well for just 2 people in our home. Has a few quirks to it but nothing major. Would recommend (actually have to a few people). 	ctress10	10-19-2015 11:08:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57711408	I purchased this dishwasher a few months ago, and I really like it.  The only drawbacks, are that the size is just a little too small, my dinner plates just barely fit (and they are not particularly large dinner plates).  If there was just a bit more headroom, I think it would be perfect.  Also you really have to do a prewash before you put the dishes in.  There cannot be any food chunks on the plate, because this machine will not get them off.  But it can make dishwashing faster. 	ctress10	10-19-2015 11:08:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34280302	We bought this machine recently, because a repairman, a review, and a salesman said it was the best company.  We should have read customer comments instead!  For one thing, this dishwasher DOESN'T FIT DISHES.  As many people have remarked about other Bosch models, you can hardly fit anything into it, not only because it doesn't have much room inside, but also because the rack has weird angles and the tines are so close together that it only holds dishes that are almost flat.  If you have a bowl with any depth at all or a dish with a rim, forget it.  The company's photos show the machine full, but they ought to sell those dishes, because no others will fit in.  We have had to bend the tines.  Even when we do manage to fill it, it doesn't hold nearly as many dishes as our 23-year-old Maytag did.That leads to another problem:  Bosch claims to use 1/3 as much water as traditional machines.  But we have to run 3 times as many loads, because it doesn't hold very much.  This all comes with the side benefit that our counter is now often cluttered with dirty dishes, because it's such a pain to fit them into the dishwasher every time we eat something.The machine is fairly quiet, as advertised, but the wash cycle takes 2 hours!Some people comment that Bosch's customer service is horrible.  We haven't needed to use it yet, but it's not surprising, given how unfriendly to the user this machine is.  We hate this dishwasher -- can't wait till it breaks down.  Save your money and get a Maytag or something similar! 	ctress10	10-19-2015 11:08:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61660184	We bought model kudpo2crbl3 a few years ago and it broke in the first few months and numerous times after that. We paid $719.99 and have repair bills that list electronic control, panel control, door latch, control board, soap dispenser, ribbon board, fuse kit as being replaced over a 4 year period. The dishwasher stopped working last week. Won't buy a KitchenAid again. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:34:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19028071	We bought this dishwasher in mid-October 2011, and right away I was annoyed by it. Loading was fairly awkward for our dishes, especially glasses; the top rack especially was quite awkward. We also learned that we had to be very careful what we put in the front left corner of the bottom rack, because certain dishes placed there would prevent the soap dispenser door from opening. Although we learned to work with it, we sometimes had to load it inefficiently, or couldn't wash everything because the limited spaces that would fit particular items were already full. Further, the bottom rack would frequently get off-track, causing difficulties getting it back into the dishwasher, especially when heavily-loaded.As time went on, we started finding that food would often get left on dishes, and had to learn what wouldn't get clean in which spaces. For example, certain glasses couldn't go in a corner or they would come out of the washer dirtier than when they went in. Arrangement of dishes became even more awkward to ensure everything got clean. Even then, sometimes we'd end up with gritty residue left on dishes, despite using JetDry and quality detergent.The dishwasher also quickly developed an odor problem, which could be alleviated by cleaning out the hinge area (which tended to build up food residue and bacterial growths), but was never entirely eliminated.The final straw came several days ago - two weeks past the end of the warranty - when the washer died on us. We called Samsung, who shunted us to some local service center that was supposed to call us within two days and never called. We had a local appliance repair guy come out, and he determined that the wash motor was locked up and would need replacing. At $465 for just the part alone, neither he nor I deemed it worth fixing.Needless to say, Samsung has lost our business. We'll be replacing it with something else, possibly a Bosch (though we haven't decided yet). 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:34:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38574553	I bought this new Amana dishwasher and had it professionally installed.  It has power to all the wiring and has water to the inlet valve.  It won't turn on - and has never worked.  I only give it one star because it's not possible to give it less here.  I will never buy another Amana product! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:34:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
56064989	We were tired of the portable dishwasher.  There are only 2 of us.  Yes, it takes up some counter space, but not nearly as much space as the portable one did non the floor.  We can now walk through our kitchen without any obstacles.  The cleaning power so far is very comparable.  You need to pre rinse for than you do with the portable, but again there are only 2 of us.  It's very quiet does not use a lot of water and holds 2 - 3 days worth of dishes at a time. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:34:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24388764	First thing the price of this unit is the most appealing part of this product. That being said the you get what you pay for when your unit stops working even if under warranty good luck getting it fixed I believe iv sent 5 emails and made at least 4 one hour phone calls to be lied too and left with no resovle. I'm beyond fed up with danby and have bought a new unit sad because I recommended it to my brother 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:34:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Need More Information	false
60672896	I have had the dishwasher a few weeks now. It doesn't quite hold all it says it can but I just run it a little more often. I love not seeing dishes in the sink and it fits on my counter just right. The dial is a little hard to tell where it is in the cycle but when I was reading other reviews before I bought it and one of the reviewers suggested that he solved this by just taking a marker and marking it so you could tell. Overall I am very pleased with this product. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:42:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59088999	I bought a Dishwasher DMT300RFS. Had two major issue within 6 weeks of each other.Repairman said water is not hot enough to desolve soap. Have had dishwashers for 30 years and have never had this isue. I was told a credit would be issued as unit had problems. I called a week after being to this and was then told no credit will be issued. I am VERY disappointed Samsung made a terrible appliance then lied about how they would resolve problem Probably just wanted me off the phone. I will NEVER buy another Samsung product as they do not stand behind their products. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:42:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
26148192	I love this dishwasher. I live in a tiny condo and I have been washing my dishes by hand for 12 years. I was sick of it. A friend told me about these and I bought one. The best thing I have ever done. It does a great job, and I don't have a sink full of dishes anymore. Highly recommended for small spaces and dish wash weary people! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:42:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42398591	Plastic clips that hold the upper rack in place consistently break off and then clog up the pump.  We paid extra for a super quiet dishwasher, but the plastic in the drain make this thing a noise monster.  It's really loud when it is even working.  Fancy piece of trash. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:42:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
29772588	The worst dishwasher ever!  We have owned it 1.4 years and have had at least 5 service repair calls. Our newest issue is the top rack rack is completely broken. The dishes are never clean and the pump already broke once. It is horrible. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 00:42:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information About All The Problems	false
73156865	We own this dishwasher and are completely happy with it.We have had GE, Whirlpool and Bosch before but this is by far the best one yet.No matter what you put in it will get clean! Please note that the reason we bought this machine is the fact that it has a build in water softener and when you live in an area with hard water this feature is essential. Our dishes used to be really dirty and not clean but with Miele everything gets sparkling clean without this typical hard feel to glassware.I would buy this machine again in a heartbeat. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:13:08	No Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76103166	It takes literally hours for a cycle to complete and then you have to wash the dishes by hand afterwards because of all the leftover schmutz.  I think I'll just take it to the dump when I replace it because I don't want to burden someone else with it.  If I could give it zero stars I would've.  Whatever you do, do NOT buy this dishwasher. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:13:08	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
39811376	We did not buy our dishwasher thru Amazon - we bought it at Sears.  We came to this site to try find help in getting our dishes clean using this dishwasher.  We find others who bought this quiet receptacle for putting soap on our dishes have had the same experience.  At least we won't waste money repairing it.  It just doesn't wash dishes.  It puts soap on them.  Then you have run the the rinse cycle twice.  Then you manually wipe the soap scum off.  We will write this off, and never buy a kitchenaid again. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:13:08	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
72315472	Had this dishwasher for 18 months, ran great, cleaned OK, nice and quiet. Now the electronics and touchpad has gone bad and will cost as much to repair, as to replace, roughly around 470 to get it running again.  Will not buy another Maytag again, and am now searching for the old push button style controller on my new purchase.  I see by previous comments, this is nothing new to this model. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:13:08	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Not happy with touchpad and electronics	false
77952495	... if I can still get my old dishwasher back for the appliance store.  This machine is noisy!  And not even in a normal way.  I thought a dog was moaning and crying in my kitchen.  Not a pleasant sound.  With all the technology that goes into this, who is watching out for the aesthetics?  I would prefer a KitchenAid, very silent. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:13:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes	Not sure which component is causing the loud noise	false
72842867	One of our most sorry appliance experiences ever.Is loud as a Cessna. Ours lasted only for 8 days then would just make a hum noise.Lucky for us it was not 38 days, so we were able to haul it to where we boughtit. Otherwise we'd be stuck with probably lousy warranty service. Still total waste of our time and resources.Frigidaire should get out of the appliance business if this is going tobe the quality of their products... 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:23:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes	Not sure which component is causing the humminh	false
37695014	what could I have possibly expected? In all truth has been a lifesaver due to business/lack of desire to do dishes. At the same time, the effort involved is hardly less than doing dishes. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:23:33	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
58478659	Received the item with a small dent on top which I thought nothing of, shouldn't affect the performance I thought.  But when I plug everything in, the machine just makes a whirring noise, no water spraying, no movement of the dial.  After 15 optimistic minutes, I gave up.  Returning back for exchange.  Crossing my fingers for the next box. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:23:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2115140	as an army wife having just moved back to the states with a very active 15-month old boy, sometimes getting dishes done was not only last on my list, but almost always undone! This appliance is a life-saver! It's cleaning great, and isn't overly huge (we did have a microwave cart to put it on). Fits a full service for 4 easily, even the big dinner plates with room to spare! Some of my coffee cups had to be relocated to the bottom shelf, but that it ok. Not being able to have the room for a full-size or even a rollinf dishwasher in our tiny kitchen made this dishwasher a must! Can't beat the energy-star label and that it was very simple to install! Granted, I have a portible washing machine so I knew how to do it so install took all of 15 min. All the pieces will need to be securely tightened before use, they are not factory tightened. but it was very easy. The only complaint I hve is we will still have to wash some things by hand, but that is to be expected as this IS a small appliance. It's roughly 1.5x bigger than our 900w emerson microwave, so keep that in mind. It fefanately wouldn't have fit on our counter! Also, make sure you release the water pressure via the red button on the part that attaches to the faucet before you diconnect the machine, it will save you a huge mess! All in all, this is a great buy and so far, I would definately buy one again if i didnt have the room in a future kithen! Worth every penny! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:23:33	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	Doesn't clean extremely well but overall happy with the unit because of its small size	false
33437874	Outside of stainless steel front door rusted after only 3 months of use.I thought Stainless steel was not suppose to rust.I called Whirlpool who now owns Kitchenaid and was told the rust on the outside is considered under the warranty to be cosmetic and not covered. I argued it was the use of inferior materials and not stainless steel as the claimed in their advertising.The person I talked to SAID that was just too bad and hung up on me.I am going to file a false advertising claim against the company if I can find how to do that.ABSOLUTELY DON'T BUY ANY KITCHENAID OR WHIRLPOOL PRODUCTS, THE ARE THE SAME COMPANY AND MAKE JUNK.The model of my dishwasher is: KUDC10FSXSS5 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:23:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Potential injury from rust - tetnis	false
23609858	I've joked since getting this dishwasher a year and a half ago that if our house was on fire, the first thing I'd make sure is the kids were outside. Next, the dog. Next, the dishwasher.This thing is amazingly quiet. I still rarely can tell when it's on, except for the tiny red light that glows on the floor under the side of the dishwasher (which I guess is there to tell you it's on because it's so quiet!)It's stainless steel inside and out. After a year and a half it's still gleaming inside and the exterior is in great shape. There are many programming options, including the option to program the washer to start anywhere from 1 to 12 hours into the future. The buttons for this are on the top of the dishwasher, so when it's closed you don't see them at all.You have the ability to change the top drawer's height, to allow for taller items on the top or bottom shelf. Also, some of the section spacer things can be adjusted to an angle, or laid down flat, giving you a lot of options for what to put where.On occasion for maintenance, I've cleaned the little drain parts inside. They pull out easily, wash easily, reinstall easily.My only worry when getting this dishwasher was that it didn't have a disposal built in like our last one did. We were told at the store that basically this one was so powerful it would smash food bits to just about nothing. Still, when putting dishes inside I do rinse off ones that I think may cause a problem. But most dishes I don't rinse at all, and I know bigger foodie bits do get missed sometimes, as there are 6 of us that help fill the dishwasher. To date, everything we've put in it has come out sparkling clean, every time. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:29:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67499579	I have been the happy and impressed owner of the two previous models of Maytag portables in this same class (full size portables).  They generally outperformed everyone's built-in's that we knew of.Our last one needed some rack replacements and my wife wanted white.  To put parts on the old beast (which had never had a single service call) would have cost around $250.  So who wouldn't look at $500 for a new one and do that?  I should have listened to my wife!On day one the door made odd noises and didn't go down all the way.  After 3 months and many calls it was finally working as it should have.  The tech explained that our old unit had a metal tub and the new models have plastic and they bend more easily.We are 4 months short of the 2 year mark and here are the problems:*) Chipboard top is disintegrating over the steam port due to exposure to steam - previous two models NEVER did this.*) Leaks from front left side*) Does not drain about 1 out of every 10 washes*) silverware rack is giving out on the bottom.  We never put sharp knives in our racks and the previous two units the silverware rack lasted 5+ years.*) Door now sags about 3 inches lower than it shouldI called Maytag Customer Experience - and it take forever to get anyone on the phone (just don't answer any voice prompts and after about 3 minutes of pesting to push buttons, you will get a human).  They don't acknowledge any service problems or quality issues - but the guy knew I knew otherwise because I told him I'm a third time buyer.  Since it's out of the 1 year warranty, they won't do a thing.Our extended warranty does not cover cosmetic things - which apparently includes silverware racks!  Don't rely on the comfort of an extended warranty - you still have to spend way too much time calling, following up, being present for maintenance - very painful - extended warranties do not compensate for product quality.If you start to have these problems inside of one year -address them immediately - maybe you'll get to the magic lemon law limitation of 3 service calls for the same thing and they have to replace it.Maytag - you have effectively taken me from being an impressed, bragging rights client to will never purchase again in one sale. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:29:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28948797	About 3 years ago, we bought a Bosch 4 cycle dishwasher. We loved it! It's quiet and the dishes are always clean. But... if you open the door at the start of the cycle to stick in that last-minute spoon, it leaks water under the dishwasher. Then it will refuse to run the cycles until the water dries up. After awhile, the water underneath has an extremely unpleasant odor. After several repair calls to fix this, we gave up. This was about the time the panel on the top of the door cracked and pulled away from the door. The dishwasher still works, but our new Samsung (same decibel rating as the Bosch) is coming next week and I can't wait. I've always relied on Bosch products but I will not buy another Bosch dishwasher again. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:29:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	leak causes bad smell	false
34968627	I have two of these dishwashers in black.  What a big waste of my money and several thousands of dollars to go with it!  Every year, if it's not one, it's the other having problems.  And every time I've had to spend at least $400 to repair something.  One time they even sent me a #34;Miele Authorized#34; third party technician since they didn't have any available on hand.  And a year later, only to find out that the part he replaced (which with labor and parts cost about $500+), he took out a valve that was supposed to be left on.  Oh, and can I say that this dishwasher only uses Miele brand dishwashing tablets?  Calling this a piece of crap is an understatement. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:29:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	expensive repairs every year but did not specify exactly what	false
75152719	this is kind of a double review as i have had two bosch appliances over the last several years. when our haier dishwasher went we bought this unit and when we had nothing but probs with a first generation maytag front load washer we picked up a bosch washer too...based upon the name which i new well and associated with quality. the washer motors brushes went and i was surprised to find bosch had no replacements but only offered a new motor for over $200, customer service offered no sympathy either. the rest of the machine was still working well but i did not know if it was worth the price of a motor or looking for a new machine. we use it at least every other day for several loads. so it gets usedhard. found a place online in the  uk that had brushes for a euro version of the model but also found same dimension brushes on an electrical site here in the us. had to detail the two brushes a bit with a file but they fit and are working well for 26 bucks shipped. if you check online searches you will find lots of folks complaining about this prob when the brushes go. as for the dishwasher...best i can say it is quiet. it never ever cleaned as well as our much cheaper haier. no matter what detergent or differing amounts of jet dry it just never cleaned well and always left streaks/clouding on glassware. read too many complaints of the same nature with no suggestions from bosch other than blaming the water! finally, tried using a miele detergent and it definitely improved the wash quality, the tabs are available here on amazon, but they are pricey. the biggest complaint that despite almost hand washing items that went in, there was always particles stuck on things,mostly the glasses on the top rack. i will take part blame as i was aware it has,like other euro brands,a filter instead of a processor in the bottom. what we found was that these particles were never getting trapped in the filter but rather getting shot all over the washer. i would NEVER recommend to anyone to get a washer with just a filter. aside from the need to constantly clean it just doesnt appear it will get rid of the dirt and washes your dishes with the grime just rinsed off over and over again.although it was still working like the day we got it a couple years ago we made the decision to set it out at the curb for trash and i picked up a floor model LG via lowes for a couple hundred off. time will tell but so far could not be happier. washes superbly, has the disposal feature, even more quiet,fits pots and pans better and we were able to go back to grocery store available detergent tabs. great welcome to lg family after registering too and i have read nothing but good reviews about how customer service handles concerns. would highly recommend. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:29:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	Reviewed two washers in one, had issues with cleanlinesss due to more than one component	false
49607341	I have had nothing but trouble with this dishwasher.  Just had to call for the 6th service call (in 8 years)  The fourth motor and rotor is what was going to be needed - AGAIN!  They act like it is just routine to have this many service calls.  No more - anything but that worthless brand.  Run away - far far away! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:41:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	motor is defective	false
71067568	The machine works well.Two items that are not satisfactory are :there were scratches on the inside of door, probably from assembly.the cycles seem long. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:41:42	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62156821	We were quite leary about purchasing this dishwasher, because of all the bad reviews on this site. Our local appliance store was having a nice sale and Electrolux was giving a great rebate so we went for it. It was important that our next dishwasher was quiet and cleaned well. So far we are very pleased.It's so quiet we have to touch the handle to see if it's running. It's much more hi tek than our last KitchenAid so it took some effort on our part to read the manual and couldn't believe everything it does and it is very easy to operate. My husband installed it and didn't have any problems. Love the sleek look and would recommend it to a friend! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:41:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38884098	The washer does a great job and is extremely quiet. It's just the two of us so it is large enough to handle or dirty dishes. It is not for high volume demand. Since it heats the water, it is energy efficient and is also water saving. It uses just over three gallons per wash cycle.The unit comes with a 15/16 inch diameter male adapter that you crew in to the kitchen faucet after removing the existing aerator. I recommend that you verify the size of your faucet aerator first when ordering this dish washer. If it is not 15/16 you will need an adapter or two. We live in an older dwelling and the faucet aerator is 13/16. No one I could find, including local plumbing supply companies, sell a 13/16 to 15/16 faucet adapter. We needed two adapters and Amazon stocks both. To adapt from 13/16 to 15/16 you will need Lasco items 09-1631NL and 09-1607NL.Be sure and order the adapters with the unit so you can use it as soon as it arrives. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:41:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	advise to verify adapater size	false
75026099	I'm not usually one to post a review but this dishwasher is the worst appliance purchase I've ever made.  The beep when the door is open drives me crazy and has me looking for a way to have it disabled.  That would be reason enough to dump it but there's more.  The bottom rack has pins that are too closely set which make it difficult to properly set bowls.  The utensil basket is too small...much smaller than our previous KitchenAid.  We have the same problem another reviewer mentioned...the upper rack frequently comes off the runners.  Overall the interior is much smaller than my previous machine so I'm running more loads per week.  Don't buy it! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:41:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58964756	Not for a family. Even if you don't have enough space to get a big one, don't waste your money.I got this one being tired of cleaning my dishes by hand.....I realized it was not worth it.It takes forever to wash, it's SUPER noisy and you can only put few things inside. IF you are a person that cook everytime, forget it, this is not for you. You can only fit: 4 plates, 4 glasses, 4 small plates and the silverware, forget about everything else. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:46:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
60193067	It's the little engine that could. My savvy wife who is an excellent Tetris player can pack this little Danby with impressive amount of cookware. The machine cleans it well in short amount of time. And it's very quiet. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:46:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25187879	The plus is the dishwasher is super quiet.  Sadly, that's it.  The list of annoying and serious offenses outweighs the good.  Your clean dishes will smell to the point of nauseating you.  Despite all the bells and whistle buttons, dishes will only semi-dry even if you use the sanitize cycle.  By the way, even Bosch tells you sanitize is a must for dry dishes. That message was on a small piece of paper included with the instruction manual!!  They must have figured that one out after the manual was published. The repairman said there is nothing to be done and this is what the dishwasher does.  I use jet dry and glisten, but it does not help.  I waited a long time for a new dishwasher.  The old dishwasher relic still worked just fine and how I wish I had it back.  My mistake was wanted something new. Bosch is over rated, over priced, and a piece of junk.  In conclusion, if you are looking for an incredibly quiet dishwasher that will give you wet, smelly clean dishes, this is your model. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:46:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67112374	The main reason that I bought this is because I'm a single guy and a busy professional. I don't spend a ton of time at home and don't want to spend the time I am doing dishes.I had it up and running in about 15 minutes. I read the instructions all the way through, installed the hoses and plugged it in.You can't stuff the dishwasher as you would a full size, but it gets the job done. I can put a few plates, cups, bowls and utensils in and run it with no problems. I've found that when I overload it, the dishes do not come out as clean. It does have a little noise when running, but what do you expect for a $179 dishwasher?! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:46:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86378692	I wished that I had known about Bosch's condensation drying system before purchasing this dishwasher.  It seems to me that the term refers to lots of condensation left at the dry cycle's end.  Even with the recommended use of rinse aid, I haven't found a way to make sure my dishes dry well (although I will try City Girl's approach of opening the dishwasher to let moisture out)Still, it cleans very effectively.  And I do love the third rack for utensils.  One vendor told me that it was not designed well enough to clean along the edges of the rack.  I believe he was mistaken there.  The dirt is gone from my utensils at the end of the cycle no matter where they are positioned.--UPDATE 1/21/14--Here's a follow up to my earlier review. I did solve my drying problem. I figured there had to be some way to do so as so many people were happy with their Bosch dishwashers. In my case, buried in the settings (check the manual for it . . . there is no button) there is an option for intensive drying. This does a great job and almost nothing comes out wet, even much of the plastic. I'm not sure how much it drives up my energy use. But, it does dry well.  For this, I'm bumping my rating up to four stars. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:46:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	doesn't dry well	false
51343149	I can't tell you if this machine can wash dishes or not.I ordered it from Walmart; it's shipped direct.The first unit I got was full of splattered grease or oil inside and the door was dented in.Walmart was very good in having it picked up and replaced ASAP.At first inspection, unit 2 looked good. But as I was ready to wheel it into the kitchen, I noticed that a rubber hose and some other mechanism was hanging out from the bottom, scrapping the floor.(no, this was not the hose that goes to the sink.This is a royal pain in the butt because it's a big appliance and hard to pack and unpack.  There is simply no excuse for this shoddy merchandise.Walmart said they'd investigate w/the vendor.  They themselves were fine in expediting my return 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:52:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	hose hanging out	false
63301723	We replaced our dying dishwasher with this model about 2 months ago. We tried to do careful shopping - checked recommendations, shopped around. We were so happy to find this highly recommended model at a great price.It is much quieter than the 10-year old model I replaced. However, I find this machine performs poorly. The sales person stressed we should read and follow all the directions, which we have. But the dishes simply are not clean. I have at least a few items that need to be rewashed with each load. And the capacity of the machine is very small. The directions show many more dishes loaded than I can fit without items banging and possibly breaking.Perhaps other Bosch models are better performers. I wish I had bought a KitchenAid. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:52:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	not enough room	false
24120363	I have had the pleasure of using this Amana Dishwasher for the past week and I love it! I ordered it because of the Tall Tub feature.  I use Fiestaware dinnerware (Made in USA) which is heavy and the chop/buffet platters are large.  In the older model d/w this replaced, they would only fit on the very outside edge of the bottom rack.  Not very convenient. I could put all of them in this Amana!  That alone makes it a keeper for me!I have tried the different cycle features and the 1 hour works best for me.  I timed it (because it runs so quietly I couldn't tell when the cycle was finished!) and it is exactly 1 hr! I called customer service (excellent, fast response) because I did not see an Air Dry feature which is what I prefer to use. If you want to air dry - don't depress either heat option button - that is your air dry.  When both lights show black, not green. When the cycle finishes you can just leave the d/w alone (which is what I do) or you can crack the door a little bit for the air dry.  Be prepared - if you crack the door, lots of hot air/condensation/steam will come out and if you are in a warmer climate as I am, you might want to avoid that which is why I rarely use a heated dry cycle. I don't need additional heat in the kitchen!The cutlery/flatware baskets are unique!  Instead of just dropping the pieces of flatware into the baskets - keep the tops closed and place each piece individually in a slot to avoid pitting/scratching the finish.  Especially nice if you are using new stainless steel or 'company flatware' - or, if like mine and it's older flatware, just open the tops and put them in together :)  The closed tops are also nice for small items such as measuring cups, etc.Because of the depth of the inside of the tub, the door opens quite low to the floor, BUT the lower rack smoothly glides out and when it is full of heavy dinnerware, etc., that is so nice!  The bottom rack in the d/w the Amana replaced had to be lifted up before sliding out of the d/w and for an older gal like me or someone with back issues, that was a bit of a strain at times.This Amana is a very nice looking dishwasher.  Clean finish.  Stylish without extra whistles and bells that require a manual in hand in order to figure out how to use it. I would call it an off-white with a textured finish - not the old shiny finish that was a real pain to keep clean.  The top is easy to read and use.As for installation - excellent. The company who installed it was on-time, professional, friendly, worked quickly and hauled off the old d/w. The two installers actually made it look easy! Very pleased with everything!I would highly recommend this Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher!UPDATE 5/20/12  I have always used powdered Cascade (or whatever brand you prefer) and had great luck.  That's what I have been using in the new Amana and I was getting frustrated because sometimes I would put too much in and I couldn't close the dispenser  door and I would have to get a spoon and take some out, etc.  I couldn't understand why the container was so shallow that holds the Cascade.........well, big duh for me....I received a sample of the new Cascade Action Pac Sachets when the d/w was installed, but hadn't used them until this morning.  Wow!  So easy! Just pop one in the container - the dispenser door shuts so easily :) Absolutely no mess!! I can't honestly say if the pac cleaned better than using powder or gel.  I think the cost would determine if I continue to use them.The 2 sample pacs I received are in an un-resealable plastic bag.  I do not know what they are in when bought directly from a store, but on the back of the package it says enough that I would not leave them loose under the sink - for safety reasons, if there are children and/or pets in the home.  We have cats - I will be putting the pacs in a Lock n Lock plastic container specifically for that purpose!UPDATE 6/16/12: The top basket is approx 6-1/2 deep.  The bottom basket is approx 6 deep.  I placed a 16-1/2L x 12-1/2W cookie sheet on the bottom rack and there was approx 1-1/2 to 2 space between it and the washer arm under the top rack so this might give you an idea of what will fit on the bottom rack. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:52:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90351302	I ordered this washer after a year of doing dishes by hand in our new house. I was spoiled rotten my whole life and never lived without a dishwasher until this past year. Doing dishes by hand is by far my least favorite job so I finally broke down and bought this little gem. I never even knew about #34;countertop dishwashers#34; until I started researching portable dishwashers. Our house is really old and the plumbing in the kitchen would need to be totally redone for a built in washer and as a recent college grad I don't have the money for that. I saw that this machine had great reviews and decided to take a chance on it. So far I love it but I think the lifespan of the machine will determine if it was money well spent. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Very easy set up-Frees up time to do other things-Does a wonderful job cleaning dishes - If you use the right detergent you won't have soapscum or waterspots-Does not require fancy/new plumbing-Uses regular dishwasher soap (I use Finish Quantum packs)-Quiet-Less expensive than built ins or stand up portable machines-Fits a surprising number of dishes-Very easy to operate - quick on-off attachment to faucet, easy to understand buttons and manual-Water has a #34;magical#34; way of stopping - won't keep running if you aren't around to turn it off right awayCons:-Takes up a lot of counter space (we bought a rolling cart for it since we are already low on counter space)-Adapter for sink faucet isn't super lovely to look at-Unit is very boxy and not real pleasing to the eye (we went for functionality and not beauty)-Hoses kind of just hang there (again, our cart is nice because the hoses can be hidden in the basket below)-Cycles are pretty long - normal cycle is 85 mins and the heavy cycle is over 100 minutes! (I've realized that the light cycle gets everything just as clean as the normal cycle and that takes about 1 hour)-Our normal sized dinner plates are a bit tall and need to be leaning a little bit - they still get clean but need to be spaced out so we can't fit as many (There are only 2 of us living in the house so this isn't a problem)-Plastics don't get dryIn conclusion, if you have the kitchen space and only need to wash dishes for 1-3 people I think this is a great purchase. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:52:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
44557139	LOVE IT! I load it with dishes, put in my little packet of detergent, press the on the button and go do other work. Make sure that you get Amazon Prime to save on the $40 for shipping, thats half the price of Prime right there.Just make sure to:-Be careful of all the plastic fittings. I'm guessing that some people had issues when reading other reviews because that have cross threaded the threads or over tightened the threads. I was very careful not to do that.-Dont not use dish soap, that thing foam over like you would not believe. Looked like a I Love Lucy episode. I didnt have detergent and was some excited to use it. I wasnt thinking on that one. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:52:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40291090	After spending 6 months hating my new Samsung I had bought, I replaced it with this Maytag, it's an enormous improvement! This dishwasher does it's job! My dishes are clean and dry! The features I love on this, the buttons are on top of the door, we had horrible problems 'butt dialing' the old machines buttons on the front panel.  Nice clean simple design, no control panel to stare at.  It has heated drying which DRYS! Old machine had a fan, I always had to dry the dishes with a towel before putting them up, fan dry just does not work especially for plastic. This thing CLEANS, wow! I hand washed dishes with the old machine knowing there was no way it would get the dishes clean and the old one ran for hours, I cook a lot so I don't want to wait for clean dishes or have to take them out of the machine and hand wash them. This one puts the cycle in pause automatically when you open the door, old one you had to pause it before opening, that's just silly. If you open it mid cycle HELLO? you're putting more dishes in so just auto pause it like this machine does. Very happy with this machine so far! It has a gasket all the way around the outside and fits very snug into the cabinet, appears to be a quality built machine! Came with the hardware (it's specialized so don't think you can do without it) and installed in about an hour. I'm a happy wife and the hubby is glad not to be hearing I HATE this dishwasher everyday like he was w/the Samsung! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:59:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
74574282	Overall this is a nice little unit, which is very appealing to look at.  This was a direct replacement for a old 18 dishwasher mounted into my cabinets.  Will say that the over-all height of this unit vs. the old unit is a few inches (2-3) shorter-so I had to adjust the legs quite a bit to accomodate, and now need to add baseboard moulding underneath and around the bottom run of cabinets to hide the opening/ water and electrical connection points - not a big deal.  Cleans dishes very well, and do recommend that you lower the top rack down to the lowest of the 2 settings, as this will gain you a bit more capacity for dishes (still less capacity than that of my old unit). Also, it should be noted that this unit does not have a heater for drying dishes, so don't be suprised if you need to open the door at the end of the cycle (ave run time 2.75hrs) to allow for air circulation to dry.Overall very impressed, and would recommend this to anyone looking for a relatively inexpensive way to update/replace a similar unit for a stainless steel model. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:59:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39550792	We purchased a unit in the same series four years ago (SHE55M05UC) .  The control system looks the same.  The entire control came off in peices this morning.  I called Bosch and talked to Gabby.  She stated that I could purchase a replacement control unit or have a repairman come and replace it.  This is an expensive unit to only last for four years. 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:59:36	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	button controls fell off	false
53165578	I purchased this unit to replace my 15 year old Maytag that worked wonderfully till it's water pump gave out. I assumed I should replace the unit instead of the pump.  I realize newer Maytag's are not built like the old ones - but that seems to be true of all new appliances. Too bad I can't get the old one back.  Don't know if I could have found the replacement pump though.After researching for weeks and relying on reviews and Consumer Reports.  It came down to a decision between top of the line Bosch and KitchenAid.  I ended up selecting this model, despite the fact that it cost almost double, becuase I live in a humid area - Florida - and I wanted the machine to dry well and the Bosch had tines that were very close and it's total inside area was smaller.  The unit is not as deep as traditional American made units.I already regret my decision.First: a hint about any Stainless Steel install.  SS appliances usually come with a film keeping the Stainless Steel looking nice and clean.  Make sure you tell your installer under no uncertain terms that you want this removed only after the installation is completely finished - not right before installation.  My installers hands were grubby, oily and wet from hooking up the water line.  His hands left a lot of smears on the SS front panel that did not wipe off.  Having already purchased a SS fridge, I knew I wanted to seal it with SS cleaner BEFORE we did any damage to it.  But alas, the installer ruined that hope.Second: I was not able to actually see this unit in the store since they only had lower models on the floor.  So when I saw how poorly the the lower basket pulled in and out, I foolishly assumed it was becuase the unit was mistreated on the floor or perhaps this lower unit was more cheaply made.  Do NOT assume anything!This unit works just as horribly.  So bad, that as I filled it for the first time opening and closing it to add more items, my plates and bowls jumped up and rolled back and forth across the drawer.Third: The door itself takes a lot of effort to open and I wonder if it will loosen up over time.  You have to really push down to get it to fully open. I realized after the first few plate running experiences that the door was not fully open.  But now that I have finally worked it all the way down parallel with the floor - I still have the problem, only slightly less.As I open the door now and pull out the lower rack there is a lot of clanging and it is extremely irritating.  I have to use the most gentle touch to slowly pull out the drawer.  This is clearly a design issue that I can not imagine why company engineers thought was acceptable.  It would have been more acceptable if they had placed the tines in a way that would allow dishes to be placed facing the front.  But by having them face the side, they easily roll back and forth as I pull the drawer out.  My old one loaded the same way - but did not have this issue.Four:  while I like the idea of a grid over the utensil basket to separate things, I wish the hole were a little larger.  Not everything fits and I am using the 3rd top tray for those items.You  pay a lot of money for top of the line units - and this is the top of the line.  But you are not getting better quality.  The only advantage to me is a few less decibels of noise.  My old Quietpak Maytag was moderately noisy, but I am disappointed with the noise from this one.  I expected much less.I may end up swapping this for the Bosch I was considering.  I will report back in a week and hopefully upload a video of the dishes rolling as I pull out the lower rack.Suggestion: You can test this for yourself by taking your own dishes to the store, putting them in and see how they will fit and if they roll.  I actually did that - and I'll be honest I figured that with practice I would figure out what they were thinking with this design.  So far I haven't.Pluses of this unit.  I like the 3rd tray on top, the adjustable heights of both main drawers, and the all metal insides.  But I tell you as they flipped my old Maytag to roll it out and I saw the bottom of this new one.  I said Wow, there is a lot less metal and a lot more plastic!If you are set on a KitchenAid dishwasher, I recommend a middle of the line unit.  Who cares about options that rack up big $$ for the company, when a simple basic thing like opening the door and rolling out the tray are so hard????? 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:59:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82406479	Electronic panel broke after 2 1/2 years.  Very disappointing.  Repair cost 186.00 for parts and 159.00 for service charge.  A lot to put into such a young dishwasher.  They do not build appliances to last! 	meg13	10-20-2015 08:59:36	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
81037696	I wanted to wait a while before posting review for my dishwasher just in case it broke or failed in any way. I have had it about 2 months and use it almost everyday, I really got it because my back hurts if I stand in one spot too long and read some good reviews on this dishwasher so figured I would take a chance. I'm so glad I did. This dishwasher gets my dishes spotless and I even over pack it sometimes. I've washed a small deep fryer in it that had burnt on stains and it came out quite clean. My coffee pot also never looked so good. This thing really cleans way better than I expected. I read a review here that almost made me not buy this unit that claimed its for a doll house and his plates that are 10.5 inches don't fit in the dishwasher. That is completely not true. I measured my plates with a tape measure and they are in fact 10.5 inches and I fit 6 in my dishwasher just fine. I actually have fit more than that in there. I love this thing. It doesn't hold large items well but for normal dishes and pots and pans it's perfect. I ordered the dishwasher and received it in 2 days. It's a quiet and small dishwasher that serves its small purpose. For a small family it's perfect. There's three of us and I have no problems. I just rinse my dishes and put them in and walk away. I open the door to let them air dry. This is one of the best things I ever bought. If I have any problems I will update this review but until them I'm very happy with it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34892863	I used to think that all dishwashers produced filmy plates and glasses and utensils with baked-on flecks of food. I also thought they were a massive waste of power and water. But this one changed my mind. We've had it for almost two years and it produces marvelous results. Just flick off the big chunks of food, throw the un-rinsed dishes into the machine, and voila! Pristine dishes while you waste time surfing the internet.Our water and power bills did not go up noticeably. The installation looked easy (though I didn't really help). My boyfriend rinses the filter regularly, which is probably important. And, in case you wondered, we use some 7th-generation hippy powdered detergent and it works great. Hoorah for dishwashers and modern convenience! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71920577	I love my dishwasher, it does a great job! The instruction manual is horrible! Actually, this is my second dishwasher. The first I ordered was faulty, the unit had no idea what it was doing! The second works great. I did notice the instruction manual was different from the first product, however the way it's written, it's trial and error. I like how you can pile a lot in this unit, and everything comes out clean. My plastic, acrylic comes out white sometimes. Don't plan on your aluminum pans to stay bright, but who cares, I don't have to wash by hand anylonger! My first manual mentioned Epsom salt, the second manual read good quality salt, so I remembered I had I huge bag on the front porch for the snow, the natural stuff,this will last for years! So all in all, it's a great washer once you research your own instructions. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33655806	Excellent! Cleans very well i was impressed, i didnt think it would get dried stuck food off my plates but it did. You really dont even need to rinse your plates and bowls off before u put it in. Just load and go!  The only thing is i wish the cord was longer or they sell cord extensions but other than that great product. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54770677	My husband and I have been living in an apartment without a dishwasher for 5 years and we've done okay without, but because we were expecting a baby we decided to make our lives a little easier by ordering one of these.  We have had it for about 2 months now and we still remark about how happy we are that we made this purchase- one of our best ones ever!  Dishes used to pile up quickly in our sink because we both work full time but now we never have that happen- we run the dishwasher once a day.  I set it up in under 15 minutes- its REALLY simply, but you do need enough space to sit it near your sink.The only reason I gave it 4 instead of 5 stars is because our dinner plates barely fit in there, you really have to have them leaning over which limits how many other items you can fit in the machine.  We use the normal wash usually and there is never any food left on our dishes.  After a cycle we open the door and leave it cracked for 30-60 minutes to let the dishes dry since there isn't a heated drying feature with this machine.Over all I would highly recommend this to anyone who wants to stop wasting time standing at the sink washing dishes!  Its fantastic(I did buy the $30/3year warranty on this just in case, so it came to about $200 but seemed worth it!) 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80956908	Although I never heard of the Danby brand before the many positive reviews on Amazon convinced me to try out this dishwasher. I like the fact that it is compact, can be pushed up flush against the wall with no hoses or cords sticking out, and that the controls are so simple. Basically, the controls consist of an on/off (power) button, one knob which decreases the cycle time as it is rotated clockwise, and a start button. As mentioned elsewhere, it is nice and quiet when operating. After a couple of loads I have to say that I'm pretty amazed at how clean my dishes are, and how little water the thing uses. Items such as clear plastic glasses and the parts to my food processor, which always used to look dull after washing them by hand now sparkle like the day they were new.The faucet adapter was bit of a challenge. I decided to add an inexpensive, single tap (hot) bathroom faucet to my kitchen sink in order to connect the dishwasher and still be able to use the kitchen sink faucet. The problem was that the adapter for the dishwasher fits a 13/16-27 thread and the one for the aerator on the faucet was a 3/4-27. Being unable to find any sort of matching coupling at the local building supply I simply soldered the adapter to a bath faucet aerator and the problem was solved. Be aware that coupling the adapter to one of those single-hole kitchen pull-out faucets with the built in sprayer will cause the water to shoot out of the sprayer, instead of being fed into the dishwasher.Overall, I'm pleased with the unit. It was well packed and easy to unwrap. My complaints about it are minor. The wheels could be a bit quieter, and I'll see if I can tame their squeakiness with some silicone spray. The hoses could be a bit longer so that the dishwasher doesn't have to be almost butted up to the sink. Finally, if the adapter could accommodate a 3/4-27 thread it would have been helpful, at least in my case. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:26:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	preferred a different adapter but no issues with it	false
53803217	I WANT TO BUT THIS ITEM.BUT I DONT UNDERSTAND HOW TO MAKE THE PAYMENT .I WILL PAY WITH MY DEBIT CARD. CAN SOME ONE TELL ME HOW TO DO IT? THANK YOU 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:26:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47281231	We love our quiet miele dishwasher but it needed service.  Our wonderful appliance repairman that we've known for years said our problems would be solved if we used these tabs (and cut them in half).  He was right - we've had no problems since. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:26:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84604998	I have had this Bosch dishwasher in my kitchen now for a few months, and I've done about 20 loads with it.  The new machine cleans remarkably well, much better than my old whirlpool. Dishes come out clean and dry thanks to the sanitize cycle, and seem to have almost no hard water deposits even though I have bad hard water at my house.It does seem a little bit smaller than my old dishwasher, which I imagine is because it has a LOT more soundproofing than my previous dishwasher. It is really quiet. Really, REALLY quiet.Overall I am very happy with it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:26:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45246183	I have a small kitchen but a big dislike for doing dishes. This dishwasher was just the right size. It was easy to put the hoses and such together, and it cleans my dishes very nicely. The silverware basket had covers on it to keep the spoons from nesting, but my silverware handle have a flare on the end and would not fit in the opening. I took off the covers, and it works find, no nestiong issues. Only one thing I wonder about. it came with a tiny little basket hooked onto the cup rack, but nothing in the manuel metions it The tiny basket was in the way, so I remove it also. I have only run it a few times so far, but I really like it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:26:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90153497	Who ever thought you could buy an appliance through Amazon and get what you wanted the first time? I've bought a zillion books, shoes, widgets and gadgets from Amazon, but never an item like a dishwasher. When I went to Sears to buy one, the one (similar to this one) would take a week for delivery, so I turned to Amazon. I selected this one, it arrived very quickly, and it had all the parts needed to complete the installation. It's quiet; it cleans our plates and glasses reliably; and I'm kicking myself for not trying appliance purchasing sooner on Amazon. Don't be afraid to try it out, and if you're looking for a GREAT dishwasher for a very good price, you won't go wrong with this one, either. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:29:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15405130	This is another great dishwasher from Bosch.  Our last Bosch would not die and was the quietest dishwasher that you could not hear running and the dishes came out very clean.  I have never ordered this large of an item from Amazon before and it was delivered to the house with no problems with great online updates to where the item was at in transit.  So far I am happy and hope I get over 12 years of service out of this one like the last one that was still running good and sold on Craigs list. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:29:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84857243	Purchased the extended warranty for a total of two years warranty. Had it fixed once while under warranty. After the warranty ended, the LED board stopped working, and it would not turn on.  So I had to pay over $300 to fix.  Exactly 36 days later, the same thing happened.  Brandsmart in Florida only covers repairs for 30 days, so now I have to pay all over again. I will never buy another Maytag product. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:29:01	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	LED board	false
36077150	Very easy to hook up to the sink, it also come with the necessary supplies for permanent installation under the sink. I would never be able to get 6 place setting in this dishwasher as the description states, but maybe 4.  It does a terrific job of cleaning the dishes, and I am very pleased with it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:29:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59364108	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned--it is always broken. Unless you enjoy washing dishes by hand, do not buy an electrolux dishwasher. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:29:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
47120094	I can't comment on the dishwasher itself but when it had come via UPS it was definitely busted.  Amazon and Sunpentown have a great return pollicy so the return was no problem.  I would buy again but didn't trust shipping.  i went to a box store and bought a washer that I could move. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:31:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	damaged during shipping	false
28255928	This dishwasher is amazing! I purchased it a few months ago and so far, so good. It leave my dishes clean and visually it looks good. The only downfall is that my large dishes do not fit in it, but I do not mind because they are easy to clean. Having an apartment without a dishwasher was a bummer, but I am no longer spending hours in front of the sink cleaning dishes and I cook a lot. Would recommend it to anyone and have. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:31:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	dishes sometimes do not fit	false
28896636	Washes great! Looks nice. Loud grinding noise during HD Cycle. Motor wash replaced, same noise, maybe even louder. Service people were very nice, they didn't make the motor so we can't blame them. I'll update progress if they get back to us. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:31:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
28496862	I got this overnight for $3.99 with Amazon Prime.  Amazon must have spent a small fortune just on shipping this thing to me!Anyway, I'll be brief: It does the job.  The instructions were a little simple but it was easy enough to figure out how to hook up.  I have it seated on top of a counter and it takes up a good amount of room.  It can be a little tricky figuring out how to load the dishwasher to capacity since there isn't a lot of room to play around with.  It has three settings, the lowest of which doesn't wash very well at all; the middle and pots and pans settings work just fine.  I'd recommend this for anyone who doesn't like to spend a lot of time doing dishes, especially those living by themselves in an apartment. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:31:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32542751	Yesterday makes exactly 9 months since I bought this dishwasher.  It has been sitting on our kitchen counter ever since.  It is used to wash at least 6-8 loads of dishes weekly.  It consistently produces loads of thoroughly clean dishes.Our kitchen is too small to accommodate a full-sized dishwasher without sacrificing value cabinet-space, so we bought this.  My wife says this is worth $1000 to her, easily.  She has said that the day this dishwasher fails, she would want to immediately order another and have it overnighted.  We have zero complaints about it.  We have used only one type of detergent - the little Cascade pods.  We have not used a rinse agent, and we have had consistent excellent results.  This is a great value for the money.  Buy it - you won't regret it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:31:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32033394	I was unsure about purchasing this. I did some halfhearted research and eliminated the Danby because I found too many reviews that said it broke after 2 years or so. I got this in the mail, prime shipping free..BONUS...and boy was the box huge! I popped it open and the thing is big and very white...reminds you of a 80's computer..well if it was taupe...anyway. It fits but is super bulky. It's so easy to put together, don't bother with the directions, they are poorly written and confusing. Why can't they get IKEA to write their directions, I don't know... I put it together in maybe 15-20 minutes. I was worried that I would have a weird faucet but it fit perfectly. I still don't which detergent to use but I bought something, popped it in there and apparently didn't quite get the right amount of rinse agent in there. Let's talk about how tiny the inside is...its tiny. It won't fit my plates, I don't care, I'll buy newer smaller ones, less food -- dishwasher diet. It cleans magnificently! No spots, nothing. I am in love. I've run it three times - I didn't wash dishes for a bit in anticipation (read:lazy) and it is perfect. Quiet, lovely new dishwasher friend. Buy this...if you have no space in your tiny apartment kitchen. You will love it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:39:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Limited space in washer	false
68709717	I have had my Danby for about eight months. It is small, but does an outstanding job cleaning the dishes. No problems with it, no leaks, easy to hook up, and it hooked up very nicely to my pur water filter i already had on the sink. Outstanding product! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:39:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86849778	I'm the one that unloads the dishwasher in our house.Cleaning:When I unloaded our old Maytag, I would have to rewash 30% of the dishes because they didn't come clean. This dishwasher is 100% clean over 3 loads so far!  All the dishes are cleaner than anything that came out of the Maytag.  The dishes are very HOT when it's done.Noise:We couldn't watch TV with the Maytag running. Not a problem with this one. This dishwasher is so quiet that we only really notice it when the water is draining.Installation:It took me about 2 hours to remove the old machine and install this one.  That included a trip to Home Depot to buy the water line adapter. (The only piece of hardware I had to buy.)  The directions were very clear.  The hardest part was getting the thing level because it was a snug fit under the counter.I would recommend this dishwasher to anyone. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:39:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29522279	I hope this review serves to encourage anyone thinking of purchasing this dishwasher to look elsewhere.  This is by far the worst major appliance I've ever purchased.  I purchased this dishwasher in March 2010.  It worked for a little over a year before the electronics died (right after the warranty expired, natch).  The repair cost was approximately half the original cost of the dishwasher!  To be fair, Frigidaire split the repair cost with me, but since then I've experienced quite a few additional problems: (1) The dishwasher sometimes remembers it's settings but sometimes switches settings and features on and off at random. (2) The detergent release door doesn't pop open all the time. This has been amleorated somewhat by the use of powdered detergents instead of gel. (3) After three years of service, the racks have rusted to the point where the tines are falling off.  A quick search of some parts suppliers indicate replacement racks are going to set me back nearly $200.  I've yet to decide if I want to replace the racks, or just call it quits and get something different.  All these quality issues are really sad, considering how well it cleans dishes when it's actually working properly.  In any case, take your hard-earned dollars elsewhere. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:39:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22234974	Dish rinser is a more accurate description.  By far, the worst we've owned.  Even with a light load, premium detergent, extra hot water, it doesn't clean at all. LG was worthless in helping resolve the problem.  I expected a replacement or refund but they basically said tough luck.  I will never buy another LG product ever. This was a huge expense for us. Most of the time we wash the dishes by hand now......why bother with a rinsing machine.  Please don't waste your money.  If your old machine can be repaired, do that.  How I wish we had.  Also, we did have a serviceman come  check our water pressur, temp, connections,etc.  He found no obvious problem, so I conclude the machine is poorly designed. LG = Lacking Generally 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:39:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
17244797	Never had a dish washier before but this thing is really quiet, and I like that it can be set to run over night. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:43:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21345840	Tuesday May 286:20 pm  Arrived looking perfect.  Did happy dance and threw away old dish rack.6:40 pm  Hooked everything up. Pretty straightforward.6:50 pm  Put in some dishes and turned it on.7:00 pm  Started internet shopping for smaller dinner plates that will fit in the dishwasher.  Hey, not having to wash them by hand is enough of an incentive to replace my dinner plates.8:30 pm  No end of cycle beeping. Because the cycle never ended.  Because it stopped.  Because it didn't drain completely.  I have no idea when it stopped because it's so quiet.8:31 pm  Cussed a blue streak and sent email to SPT customer service.10:00 pm  Went to bed mad.Wednesday May 296:10 am  Realized that I'll have to do dishes more often because I was stupid and threw out the dish drainer that holds a bajillion dishes.  It's bamboo, and it's been marinating in that thin layer of garbage juice at the bottom of the bin overnight, so there's no going back.  Cussed.6:12 am  Began bailing out the pool of water in the bottom of the dishwasher.  Cussed some more.6:30 am  Angrily doing dishes by hand.  Made silent promises of violence to the people who made this piece of crap dishwasher.7:20 am  Begin leaving a review about this dishwasher (and the hopes and dreams it dashed).  Waiting until I think customer service is open so I can call them, because waiting for a reply to my email is not my style when I'm mad.8:40 am  Spoke to a nice lady on the phone.  She's emailing me a form to fill out so she can send me a new dishwasher ASAP.2:30 pm  Receive email confirming the receipt of the form and that a new unit will be sent along with a call tag for the defective unit.Monday June 311:30 am  New unit arrives.  It's too heavy for me to wrestle into the house and out of the box.  Must wait until Husband comes home from work.  Impatiently waiting.6:30 pm  Dishwasher unpacked, hooked up and loaded.  Pushing the button.7:55 pm  SUCCESS!Edited to add:May 2014Unit still working well.  Extremely satisfied and changed the rating to 5 stars. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:43:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Sent replacement that worked great, but first unit never ended the cycle because it didn't drain	false
72027009	This is truly a remarkable quiet dishwasher.  It is a delight to use.  And it is water and energy efficient as well. I only wish they had included the elbow, as this meant making an extra trip to the hardware store to get it.  Otherwise, installation was straightforward.Too bad I could not find this unit in a white finish as stainless steel tends to leave marks on its surface.  With a white enamel finish it is easier to wipe it clean.Other than that, nothing but praise for this machine. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:43:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61453814	This dishwasher will not dry anything! The manual even says Drying-Rinse Aid is essential. So called rinse-aid contains chemicals to artificially dry up water. Do you really want those chemicals on your dishes and be ingesting them everyday? NO! At the end of every cycle, there is water in the bottom and water on the door. The dishes, pots, pans, forks, spoons - everything is so moist that you must dry them with a dishtowel before they can be put away! We bought it last week and are returning it right now! Unless you want to hand dry everything that comes out of it - do not buy this dishwasher! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:43:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	dishes aren't dry	false
57549671	My Samsung experience. I purchased 4 new samsung products. 50% of them upon install did not work--dishwasher  microwave. They have not worked properly for 7 weeks now.This dishwasher didn't work upon install. It took 2 weeks for them to decide they couldn't repair it and that they will replace it. I have been without a functioning dishwasher since Nov 5th...didn't have one for Thanksgiving. And now Christmas and New Year's is not looking good. Samsung customer service is not good nor is their executive customer relations (the escalation line). They can only do two things: (1) request a service center to schedule a repair (they can't even expedited a request) or (2) request a product exchange. That is it--nothing else. If you want them to do more they can't and won't--it's not policy. I can even talk to the same person (6 and counting). The I have been dealing with them for 4 straight weeks, about 3-4 times a week for an hour. They always say they value me as a customer but their inactions don't make feel like they do. Moreover, I don't trust them. They make promises like someone will call you in two business days, but I end end calling them on the third. This is a consistent problem. I feel like they are just trying to wear me down so they don;t have to do anything. I ask to corporate call me about the horrible experience so they know what has happen and can improve like any good brand should want to. Instead--silence. Samsung, do you even care? 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:43:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	didn't work out all and customer service not helpful in replacing it	false
65178163	We wanted a quiet dishwasher that produced good results at a decent price.We found the answer in this GE product.We've had this 6 months, now, and it is exactly what we wanted.Very quiet and efficient with 3 load choice settings or automatic load-size detection.Lots of room for even large stew/stock pots and big frying pans. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:44:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71647785	We bought this dishwasher (actually the black one, not the stainless one, but the same model #) based on the reputation of the Maytag name.  First of all I'll admit that, when it runs properly, it does a fairly good job of cleaning the dishes and that is, after all, what most people want.  However there are several issues in the design.  The biggest problem is that the door latch seems rather flimsy.  Maybe it's designed so that if your toddler gets stuck inside, all he needs to do is push the door open.  The problem with the latch issue is that, unless you close the door by slamming it shut with just the right amount of muscle, the door will pop open by itself somewhere in the middle of the cycle and just sit there waiting for you to notice that you need to restart the machine, while the wash water gets colder and colder.  Another problem is the control panel.  This machine is designed to fit under a countertop, but if you mount it that way, you can't see the controls once the door is closed.  Of course that may be a moot point because the controls merely indicate progress through the wash cycle by a series of 4 lights that don't really tell you anything except now light 2 is done and we're in light 3.  The silverware baskets sort of fit, but they feel like they were really designed to hook onto the basket of a different model.  Considering the fact that you'll probably own a dishwasher for 10 years or so, I wouldn't recommend this model. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:44:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23946823	Having moved,needing a dishwasher I purchased the Danby. Arrived quickly, and it runs as it is suppose to. No problems, love the machine. This is the second unit I purchase. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:44:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31879395	firstly I did not buy this from amazon, I bought it locally, along with a ge fridge, washer, dryer, and microwave.  In all my years, in all the houses I have lived in, and all the firehouses I have worked in, I have never truly hated an appliance until I bought this piece of junk.cons-wheels on the lower tray all broke-doesnt (and never has) actually gotten my dishes clean-upper tray rusted within a year-the wash packets are usually sitting undissolved in the bottom of the washer after a wash cycle.-had to take the entire thing apart (twice) due to clogging in the drain portion. (yes we pre rinse and now days pre wash our dishes)-this washer replaced a $200.  no-name dishwaher that always worked perfectly, what a mistakePros-wife likes stainless steel finishon a side note the GE front loader washer and dryer have also been really, really bad.  Again they replaced cheap costco brand washer and dryer which gave us problem free service for years. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:44:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67595742	I love this dishwasher for how small it is and cleans dishes very well.  Worth the small amount you pay for it. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:44:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49914412	I love my Avanti!! We were working with a very small space and had a choice between a $1000 Miele, or the $400 Avanti, and we decided to take a chance. We have had it for two years, we have run it twice a day every day and had no problems so far. I would definitely recommend it 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:48:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61589956	The bottom rack comes off track because there's nothing to hold it on track.  The lower rack is poorly configured.  If you actually put a plate in every slot, they're too close together to get clean.  I thought my old dishwasher was no longer up to the task but now I wish I had it back.  But this one was so difficult to install, I don't want to uninstall it to put the old one back in!  I'll steer clear of Bosch products from here out.  I have a Bosch oven that doesn't thrill me either, but this takes the cake for shiny but rather useless. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:48:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46728083	We bought this unit and was told it would be very quiet.  Our old unit was noisy.  This one turned out to be noisier then the first one.  Also, the construction of this is absolutely horrible with cheap fittings, cheap plastic, cheap everything.  When you have the top rack full of glasses and you pull it out, the rack comes off the rollers and almost crashes to the floor.I know 2 others who own this piece of junk, and they say the same thing about the noise and the racks falling apart.Don't buy this, spend a couple hundred more and get a Bosch or something.  Anything but this pile of crap.**** Update Jan 2012 *****Now that someone had made a comment on my post, it reminded me of something else horrible about this unit.If you pack too many dishes in it, especially in the lower rack right hand corner, this thing will leak water all over your floor.  Someone else mentioned it would leak if you ran it empty.  Never tried running it empty, but it doesn't surprise me.I honestly can't believe a company would produce such a piece of junk to unaware consumers.  They obviously don't care about their Name Brand being associated with this.At Lowes the other day I felt some satisfaction stopping the sale of one of these.  Sales rep was trying to sell a young couple on this unit.  I barged in and told them about my bad experience with it.  They thanked me and walked away from the sale.**** Update Oct 2012 ****A few months ago I was made aware from an appliance repair guy that Frigidaire installs the cheap rubber seals and bottom wipe strips.  Call an appliance repair person have have them replaced with quality seals.  This solved the water leaking problem..  However there is no fix for the top rack that continues to fall apart.I still stand by my review.  Don't buy this piece of junk 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:48:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35699801	This is a very poor dishwasher.  It gets them clean about 65% of the time.  I typically use a dishwashing booster to help out, some liquid detergent, and some powder.  They sy to only use powder#8230;..but that leaves dried powder on the dishes.  I have a second home with a BOSCH.  It os amazing - squeaky clean dishes everytime.Final rating:  Thumbs down - don't get a FP. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:48:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
48667483	It installed quite easily.  Lives up to what was advertised.  Quiet, efficient, looks very nice!  Also, my wife loves it... Very important! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:48:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17842519	This machine has continual problems with the lids closing and sealing properly so that water doesn't leak out and set off the flood code warning shutting the machine down. We have had ours serviced about every 18 months. This last time the repair estimate bill for the replacing lids and drop-down motors was $482, which would bring our total cost for repairs in excess of what the dishwasher cost us in the first place. I'm tired of the service guys telling me they don't see many of these but when they do its always the same problem. Fisher  Paykel, this thing is a piece of JUNK!!! You should be replacing EVERY ONE of these pieces of **** AT NO CHARGE! My wife hates this thing so much I don't she would even consider a free replacement. I want to give this product review ZERO STARS, but it won't let me do that so one star it is. DO NOT BUY!!!!! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:51:19	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
69174300	In remodeling my kitchen I really wanted this item for it's looks and uniqueness.  I wish I had done differently.  This is a great concept rather poorly executed.  Do not be deceived by the literature and pictures.  I think when they stacked it full of dishes they must have been using Corel or some other product where everything is smaller.  You cannot load the average small glass or cup on the top rack making it virtually unusable.  There is no secure place for plastic items like measuring cups, utensils, etc.  Deep bowls (cereal)are not easily accommodated along with other dishes.  No matter what, a dinner meal will require both drawers.  So in usability it almost fails.  Also, this product is not a quiet as you would think or be led to think.  The bottom drawer is noisier than the top one.  The dishwasher does not completely drain either so there is always a small amount of water in the filter space and you must seriously prewash your dishes.  If the drain hoses are not properly installed the bottom drawer can drain or backflow into the upper one.  It also does not clean any better than any other dishwasher.  This dishwasher has been with me now for almost a year and I'm scheduling my fourth service call.  It lacks in reliability compared to all previous dishwashers I have owned. Buy it for looks but not if you want it to do any serious work. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:51:19	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67862221	I am surprised there is not already a class action lawsuit on this thing.  After only a year the door latch had worn (it is plastic cheap crap) to the point it would not stay shut correctly.  A few months later... we had a drain error code that we could not quickly figure out.  Turns out both the drain pump line and main drain line had split.  I am uploading photos.  You would think that a $675 dishwasher could at least get the drain line or door latch correct.  Those are kind of main things.  When it did work it did not clean AT ALL.  I used to work in appliances so I know a thing or two about dishwashers.  We would run the hot water first,  always had jet dry it it, pre-rinsed, and used the expensive soap.  Needless to say we are permanently placed Samsung on our blacklist. We will not be buying their appliances, phones, or TV's any longer.  If you ask me they are all crap anyways.I have repaired the latch and drain hoses myself with non-Samsung parts and it is currently on Craigslist for $375.  A $300 loss for only a year or so of use. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:51:19	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
18258357	I just got off the phone with Samsung's Executive Customer Service.  I am on my third repair that required a 'professional' in 2 years.  My husband and I have repaired the lovely cheap-o plastic brackets twice now in 2 years ourselves.  I asked them about an extended warranty because I've had so many repairs.  She asked if I purchased one...3 repairs, you should give me an extention.  First call:  no water, but the dishwasher would cycle through...replaced sump assembly.  Second call:  Control panel didn't work...replaced circuit board.  Third call:  Now I have water, but won't cycle...bet I need to replace the sump assembly again.I've owned/purchased 5 dishwashers in the past and have never had a problem with any of them...not one service call, not one home repair.  Sad thing is I replaced a great 10 year old WHITE dishwasher with this great looking Samsung stainless steal one so I would match my oven.  That old one dried dishes, actually got the new ones clean, the trays rolled in and out and never caught on the doors, and the tray brackets didn't break and need to be replaced every 6-8 months.We can live with repairing the brackets, we've bought extras to have on hand (never had to do that with the other models we've owned that were all more than 2 years old), we HAVE to live with the awefull roller system for the trays, but all these repairs...really?  We can get around the no drying cycle by using 'Sanitize' every time.  The real kicker....I only use the dishwasher 1-2 times a week.This must be a 'lemon'...either a problem with my unit or possible the model.  Looking at the reviews on Amazon, it must be the model I told them.  The customer service rep said my repairs are such a small fraction of the overall repairs for this model...did she read Amazon's reviews. She wasn't aware of the 'lemon' laws and I should just have a repair ticket created.  Nice!  You would think they would have extended me the warranty, but hey, I'm willing to buy it.  Oh wait, I can't.  It can only be bought during the warranty period.  so I'm screwed...not really.  I think it's going to get kicked to the curb....$750 dollar lesson.  Don't buy Samsung.Samsung 24 In. Stainless Steel Dishwasher - DMT800RHS 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:51:19	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88891757	A bit difficult to work with, you really have to work to get it on smoothly and get all the bubbles out.  Looks pretty good once it's on though. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:51:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57699060	Works great.  Super quiet.  It does not have heated dry, which was a surprise for the price.  (Also, I would be more likely to rate products if Amazon didn't require a short story about every purchase.) 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:52:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
36989107	I purchased this dishwasher over the summer for my new home that was being built.  The dishwasher was installed in September 2013 and has been used since mid October 2013.I have one word to describe it overall, AWFUL.  After trying all different types of finish detergent from powder, to liquid, to the capsules, the dishes remain dirty.  The person I purchased the dishwasher from explained to me that newer dishwashers have sensors in them and not to put clean dishes in the dishwasher--- well, I tried that and the dishes came out almost as dirty as they were when we placed them in the dishwasher.  So I continue to rinse#8230; and even rinsed, the dishes aren#8217;t clean.Next, they don#8217;t dry.  I put the cycle on at night at 8pm or so.  I do not open to empty the dishes until 7pm (almost 24 hours) the next day#8212;they are  wet as if they have just been washed. I have to actually physically dry the dishes (if I am lucky enough not to have to run a second or third cycle to get them clean).My water temperature is turned up high#8212;so high that you can burn yourself if you have it on full.  So I don#8217;t believe there is a temperature issue here.Wet, dirty dishes--- there is nothing positive I can say about it.  I love every other appliance I purchased for my home (all high end and they are all wonderful).  This appliance is the only one I complain about and regret.  I have had very inexpensive plastic interior dishwashers that would make this machine bow it#8217;s head in shame.  This dishwasher is a failure to the Bosch brand#8212;I would never purchase a Bosch ever again. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:52:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that cause the complaints	false
56897612	Quick version:  DO NOT BUY THIS LEAKY, NOISY PIECE OF JUNK.  Long version: I know it's hard Whirlpool - as the dishwasher technology has only been around since the 70s - but could you make a door that closes without releasing drips of water EVERY time.  You have to close the door JUST RIGHT or else you'll have water leaking from the bottom of the door seal (not much at all but it should be zero).  Maybe that part is an instalation error but the fact that this machine is one year old and the other day it started making a lot of new noises is not a good sign of things to come.  Weird noises coming out of the pump.  We use this piece of junk about twice per week - MAYBE.  It's just my wife and I and our 5 year old child so it's not like we have a huge family filling the thing everyday.  So buyer beware, look around and you'll see Whirlpool is nothing but junk.  It's hard to find a review on these things that is positive.  And it's even harder to put together a set of Whirlpool appliances that gets all around good reviews.  Hopefully, people catch on quickly and don't get burned as we did. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:52:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55906359	I bought this dishwasher based on good reviews, good price and free/included shipping. It seemed to be the leastexpensive with the minimum necessary features.(good particle filter,docking arm for upper basket,reasonably strongbaskets, stainless steel front,and reasonably quiet.I bought it to replace a 6 yr old, rusted out,contractor grade GE unit that frankly shouldn't be legally called a dishwasher. Without effectivefood filtering, it was almost as quick to handwash.I was looking for a better quality dishwasher, but couldn't find one that correlated quality andprice. This is a frustrating situation. This isn't rocket science. You can't have lownoise, quick wash, water saving, and 100% flawless results at the same time, so why spend 3Xhoping for magic?Think about it. If you have ever used a commercial dishwasher, you know that dishes can be washed in 5 minutes. This uses lots of hotwater, power, and is noisy. Unfortunately, most of us have living areas connected to our kitchens so we have tocompromise.Pros for this dishwasher:Reasonably quiet(BTW, if it seems noisy, make sure you have enough insulation to fill the space aroundthe washer. Buy some quilt stuffing at a sewing center if you find you need more. Also, makes sure it is installed sufficientlydeep in the cabinet so sound doesn't leak around the sides. I found most of the remaining noise came out of the front vent.)Roomy.Soap drawer doesn't seem to have design flaws.Does a satisfactory cleaning job that doesn't require prewash. It won't remove carbon(duh!) but other baked on stuff came off justfine. I mainly use the regular cycle without added heat. I did increase the heat when I did some broiling pans.Cons:Top basket isn't adjustable.(don't really care) If you have things more than 14 in(35 cm)tall you must angle them.Baskets aren't nylon coated.(I would have paid for upgrade if available)Some noise. If you really don't want to hear it, get something else. I definitely don't have to turn up the TV, though.I don't like the slot topped silverware baskets.(I unsnapped the lids and stored them)Electronic controls. Manufacturers seem to unwilling to make electronics sufficiently reliable. I couldn'tfind a good enough dishwasher with motor-timer controls. OTH, I haven't seen any horror stories about this one.My rating takes price into consideration. If I paid twice as much, I would expect more(and probably been $400 less happy).If you have apartments, this should make for happy tenants. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:52:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
83446894	I gotta say I was pretty skeptical when I started researching this countertop dishwasher.  However, after reading the reviews on it, I decided to give it a try.  So glad I did!  Very easy to set up, was out of the box, and set up in less than 20 minutes.  Holds a surprisingly large amount of dishes, glasses, flatware etc. Washes just as well if not better than any dishwasher I've used. Runs very quietly.  I'm using Cascade Complete packs, fully dissolves with no issues on the normal setting.  I will agree that 80 minutes on the normal setting seems a little long I don't think it's excessive though. Overall, I'm very pleased with the purchase. Will update this review as time goes on. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 12:52:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87802384	I do not own this model exactly, but I want to make all consumers aware of the NIGHTMARE you will experience if have any problems after purchase of a Bosch appliance.  This company does not stand behind their products, from Day #1, under-warranty, of ownership. We bought their top-of-the-line dishwasher that performs worse than a bottom-line budget special. Bosch has refused, from the first day, to acknowledge any problems; going so far as to doctor their repair records, of which we have an un-doctored copy, to redact service techs' comments regarding non-performance of the product. It has been like dealing with a fly-by-night, street-corner hawker, who disappears after the sale is made.  They have tried their damndest to dissuade us from service calls, and each time we call for repair they have questioned us in an accusatory manner about how we load the dishes, what brand and how much detergent we use, temperature and pressure of the water, etc.  Each repair person who has checked the machine has determined we are doing everything correctly, but each time we call Bosch to report that the machine still does not work, they act like we've never called before and start the same aggravating, time-wasting routine.  Their customer service reps' attitudes are very defensive, no doubt because they are handling nothing but complaints about quality all day long.  BUY ANOTHER BRAND, ANY OTHER BRAND!! 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:56:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Service issue and didn't specify product issues	false
90794542	When the 15-yr old Magic Chef dishwasher (that came with the house when we bought it) died a few weeks ago, it was a welcome change to my kitchen.  I had very low demands of a new machine:  Clean my dishes the first time around.  So when I sent my research-addicted husband on the mission to simply find a new machine, he had a relatively easy task.  He was so excited with this Bosch.  I want so badly to love it, but after 2 weeks I truly can't stand it.  It makes me angry every time I open it.  What a waste of money, even my husband is let down.  We actually called the store today to find out what we have to do to return it.  It is not completely without merit, which is why I gave it a two instead of a one.  To be fair, here are the pro's, minor irritants, and finally con's of this machine.Pro's:- SUPER QUIET, I mean REALLY quiet.  I don't even know it's running half the time, that's how quiet it is.- Sleek design.  The control panel is up top and literally hides under the kitchen counter when the door is shut.  Not only is this asthetically pleasing, it prevents my toddler from turning the machine on at random.- Stainless steel tub inside.- When we called customer service, they answered quickly, and the representative was polite, professional and very helpful even though we told her we were returning the machine.Minor issues (these are things I didn't necessarily find as deal-breakers and could have learned to live with if they were the only issues):- Physical design.  We happen to have an electrical outlet to the right of where the dishwasher goes.  This was not an issue for the last machine, but apparently the external physical design of this one is bigger on the right side, so it interferes with the junction box under the counter.  To install this machine, we had to physically jam it over to the far left, leaving an uneven gapping crack (about 3/4) to the right of the machine.  If we were keeping it, we'd have to buy a piece of wood or something, stain it to match our cabinets and somehow jerry-rig (sp) it up to hide the hole.- The alert chime.  OMG- HOW ANNOYING.  Whenever the machine finishes a load, there's an extremely annoying ding that goes off every few minutes until you open the machine.  Drives me NUTS.- Drying power.  This is something we read in other reviews, that is not too important to me personally, but may be for others:  The machine does not dry the dishes all well.  There's always some water sitting on something, even though we use the recommended Jet Dry.  For me, this is not a big deal (I just keep a towel in one hand when I'm unloading the dishes), I'm more concerned about the dishes getting clean than dry, but for the price of this machine, I can see where it would bother some people.- Spots.  Even though we use a full resevoir of Jet Dry (as recommended by Bosch) I still find spots on my glasses and utensils.  I know this is not meant to indicate the dishes are not clean, but I've never had this problem before and I end up rewashing the glasses and utensils by hand to get rid of them.....kind of defeats the point of having a dishwasher.Con's (these are the reasons we just have to return this dreadful machine):- The size of the baskets are ridiculously small.  I'm not talking about the silverware basket, I'm talking about the baskets where you put your dishes.  None of the dimensions given on any dishwashers address the INSIDE size of the baskets, so we assumed they were all about the same if they indicate the same number of place settings.  NOT SO!  The top rack of this machine is a full 2 inches shorter (front to back) than our old cheapy machine, measuring in at about 18.  Our old machine was about 20, and for a more current point of reference, we went to Home Depot today and measured various other brands (GE, LG...whatever they had on display that advertised 14 place settings or less.)  Across the board they ranged from 20 - 23.  Now, 2 may not sound like a lot, but when it's across 20 of width, trust me, it's a HUGE difference.  When you start comparing to the 23 machines, you're talking almost half a foot of difference across 20!  I don't remember the exact measurements of the bottom racks but generally speaking, they were all ABOUT 2+ larger than this Bosch, across the 20.- The design of the prongs is not condusive to a household that has different sized cups, glassware, plates, bowls etc.  Perhaps if we only used the same dishware for all our purposes this would not be a problem, but we have toddler plates, sippy cups, water glasses, coffee mugs (not just the ones that came with our dishware, but ones we've collected as gifts and from vacation, so different sizes), travel mugs....you get the idea.  Basically the top shelf fills up in half a day because you can't stack the different sizes next to each other.  They hang half in one row, half in another, or the glasses knock into each other and break. Basically after 4 coffe mugs, 3 water glasses, a few sippy cups, and 2 bowls the top rack is full.  Now, some of the prongs fold down which sounds good in theory, but in practicality all this does is create a hole that disallows any stacking, so you basically get stuck with less room for any bowls or kiddie plates, and still no more room for the glasses or mugs that don't fit into the end rows.  VERY FRUSTRATING.- The bottom rack loading design has 3 sets of prong settings:  2 run perpendicular to the front of the machine, 1 runs parrallel.  So, not only does this significantly limit my ability to stack different sized plates and bowls, it only takes one medium-sized pot or mixing bowl, or worse yet, one pot or pan with a long handle, and half the basket space is used (no exaggeration.)  You end up unable to add any dishes to the perpendicular row where the pot handle falls over, and the parrallel row (which runs in the back of the machine) is half used just by the way you have to jiggle the pot in between the prongs.  Basically you have one perpenicular row to choose from, and that will only hold a few plates, no bowls or cups or anything like that.- Dirty dishes.  Because I inevitably have to overlap dishes of different sizes, I end up with remnants of cereal or mustard or other grossness on my bowls or plates b/c they end up partially covered by other dishes.  DISGUSTING.So, in short, I think Bosch is a fine company and if they had a more reasonable INTERNAL size and design, I would consider purchasing another.  However, given the significantly smaller size of the baskets, and the poor design of the prongs, I end up washing all my pots and pans by hand, and some of my dishes, glasses and utensils end up having to be re-washed by hand b/c of spots and caked food that was missed as a result of poor stacking capability.  It kind of defeats the purpose of having a dishwasher.  What's just as bad is that we went from a household that used to run the dishwasher 2-3x a week, to a home where we have to run it no less than once a day because either 1) the top shelf is full and we have glasses and mugs stacking up in the sink, even though the bottom shelf is still mostly empty or 2) we have one large mixing bowl, or something with a long handle in the bottom shelf and can't fit any additional dishes, so we we have wash what's there, in order to make room for the rest of the breakfast or dinner dishes. There is absolutely no way I'd be able to keep up with a holiday dinner using this machine.  Normally I can stack the dishwasher, enjoy my company while it runs, unload it, and run it a second time while they're still there, and at the end of the day all my cookware and dishes are clean.  With this machine, there is no way I could ever to this.  I'd end up tied to the kitchen sink like my mom used to be, and that's just no way to enjoy a holiday with family and friends.I don't know what make or model we'll try next, but at least we know what to avoid.*****Update- Someone pointed out another reviewer's immature analysis of the above, so to clarify, we did do our homework and read....the.....manual.  In fact, for the week we had this machine, we left the user guide on top of the counter above the machine opened to the pages that suggest different ways to load the machine, in the hopes we would learn to love it.  It just didn't work for us.  To suggest that we should only use the machine to wash plates, is just silly.  By definition, dishes include anything used to cook or serve food.  As for the junction box, we certainly do not expect every manufacturer to anticipate our kitchen's design...again, just a silly comment to make.  But with over 300 million people in the US today, I'm pretty sure we may not be the only ones with a junction box or something else that sits next to where the dishwasher goes.  Since this is MY review, explaining MY experience, I've shared all the information I FELT was relevant to justify MY rating.  Last time I checked, that was the whole point of writing reviews....to express PERSONAL and ACTUAL experience, not to state what someone else's experience SHOULD have been.  For those curious, we ended up buying KitchenAid model KUDS30IXWH7, and we LOVE it. It was comparable in price and volume (I think it's reported as 1 or 2 decibels higher than the Bosch, which to me is hardly audible- I still can barely hear when the machine is running, which I love especially when company is over and we're having conversation.)  We did not have any issues with the junction box next to the machine- it fit perfectly under our counter without any gaps, the inside is stainless steel, and the basins are HUGE.  The prongs are set up in a way where I can fit all my dishes and pots and pans, casserole plates, kids plates, various cups, mugs, glassware and sippy cups and bottles, without any special organization or plan.  The best part is, everything comes out sparkling clean (and dry) the FIRST time.  No re-washing required.  It is also energy star rated (but I don't remember the number exactly), however, with this machine, we only need to run it once every 2-3 days because it is very spacious, so I feel like we're saving both on water and electricity.  I will admit it is not as sleek-looking as the Bosch, and I miss the buttons on the Bosch that hide under the counter and don't accidentally get pressed by little toddler hands, but the Kitchenaid has a lock option which we use, and we also have a switch that allows us to shut off power to the dishwasher when we're not using it, so it's not a huge concern.  In the end, we are thrilled with our washer (which we've had for a couple years now.)  As I stated before, Bosch is an excellent company- their customer service was great, even when they knew we were returning the device.  This particular model simply did not meet the needs of our busy family. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:56:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	not big enough for dishes	false
79899230	I was reluctant and didn't end up buying a Samsung refrigerator due to the lack of positive reviews (you could say the reviews were mostly negative in 100+ reviews) but decided to give their dishwashers a chance since they are priced slightly cheaper than their competition while offering the same, if not more, features. This one has a stainless interior, decent silverware baskets, several adjustments for dishes and racks, and a nice stainless exterior. I would say pass on this if you don't like the buttons on top of the door (often hindered by countertops) but most dishwashers are going this route nowadays.I ended up installing the dishwasher myself which was unremarkable - most dishwashers install the same and this was no different. However, approximately 3 months after we got the thing, it started leaving white residue on dishes and also started leaving them wet (as in more wet than usual). Then we noticed this white stuff starting to build up on the stainless interior. Finally, food particles started appearing and less than 2 wash cycles after than we started getting the dreaded 5E error (in which the delicates light blinks). It took 3 weeks after contacting Samsung through their service website, in addition to the call center, for a service tech to come out and replace a good portion of the bottom of the dishwasher, including the food disposal. The service technician noted that several Samsung dishwashers were having this problem (uh oh). However, after the repair, the washes have been normal. I just hope it doesn't creep back up!So do I recommend this dishwasher? As of right now, yes. However, I'll post back if I have another problem and, if I do, I won't. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:56:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88296320	We were living in the in-laws house and had the basement for our living. There was no dishwasher and after a few weeks, we were getting annoyed of washing dishes every day. So we needed a solution to this and decided to get something temporary that we could use before we got a house of our own. We bought this product and got it with Prime, arriving two days later. It was so easy to set up and just plugged it in. It worked so well and was so quiet, I would suggest this to anyone who needs a quick fix to an expensive problem. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:56:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32366008	Bought this on Black Friday Nov 25, 2011. Replaced an old Hotpoint that was part of my new home package. The Hotpoint sounded like a cannon going off when changing cycles. The Whirlpool is the best. Installation was easy. Everything hooked up just right. Just the right size for a 2 person house. Very quiet even when draining water. My only complaint was the water hookup to the machine was not included. Had to go back to store and purchase separately. For $3.85, this should be included. But for the price, I can't complain. Hope this lasts 15 years. 	meg13	10-20-2015 12:56:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21224429	Works fine for a few months, but then starts to develop leaking problems. Ends up flooding the counter-tops with dishwater. Don;t think I'm the only one who has encountered this problem -- see the other reviews. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:10:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information About Component Defect that causes the leak	false
40518876	Wow.  Where do I begin?  Bought this 1 year ago today.  The thing is a complete hunk of garbage.  Yes, my dishes are clean enough to eat off of but the BS you have to deal with is insane.  The lower rack has been replaced due to a wheel issue causing it to fall off track every time you pull it out.  AND STILL 2 months later, the issue seems to be starting all over again.  Can't even pull my lower rack out without it coming off track and almost falling onto my kitchen floor.This is only one issue we've had to deal with.  It now seems like the buttons are not working.  We paid $625 for this 1 year ago and it was the biggest waste of hard earned money I've ever seen.My advice is to continue hunting for another brand and model.  Certainly it must be better than this thing. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:10:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20115393	We were so excited to buy this Bosch 24#34; 500 Series Built in Dishwasher August 2013.  Unfortunately, we have had nothing but problems since purchase.  We've spent weeks without the dishwasher working, waiting for parts or repairs. First, we had trouble getting it installed properly. It kept coming loose in the cabinet - attributed to bracket problems.  Then we've had problems with draining.  A pump broke.  A wheel on the bottom rack vanished and we don't put pans in the dishwasher.  We keep getting error messages - E24?? We are not sure whether to ask for a replacement or simply buy a different dishwasher altogether.  I wish we could rate the dishwasher well and give it a good rating but sadly, we cannot.  This dishwasher is not a credit to Bosch.  I miss our old reliable Maytag. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:10:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
612423	I only had 18 inches for a dishwasher, with normal size one i could not use my kitchen at all when in use. This one was not too expensive and so I bought it.The racks to hold the plates and things up are really spaced too closely so that they can state it fits 8 place settings so this is the first dishwasher I have used where I have to leave a space between plates to allow water in to get them clean. This was not too difficult to figure out as in almost any dishwasher you must leave space between bowls for exactly that.Our household is 3 teens and 2 adults, dishes are a constant drudge. This has certainly lightened that load. Even not being full sized, it fits plenty of dishes to keep me from constantly having dishes on the countertop and to really make it easier to keep up with this task. It is not large enough really for me to fit the pots and pans into it but still very nice.Very quiet while in operation, a concern of mine as I feared constantly hearing the dishwasher.It comes with plastic parts all over the place, little shelves over the top rack for some unimaginable task, the glasses would not fit under, tossed those in a drawer. I thought the plastic parts on the silverware holder would be nice, to keep the spoons for nesting and staying dirty, but they were a pain and got tossed in the drawer as well. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:10:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52527528	Do not buy. Stopped working 3 times in 2 years. After one year warranty period Whirlpool wants $300 to fix it. Front panel is blown and control board needs to be replaced. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:10:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
7495991	I have this dishwasher in an apartment where I live much of the year. It does not clean the dishes, particularly the flatware. When I first used it, the water was not draining out.  The maintenance man came up to clear the outlets.  He told me this was purchased because it was about the cheapest dishwasher they could put in the apartments.  It broke and clogged frequently.  He also advised me, if I wanted my dishes clean, to wash them before I put them in the dishwasher.  Huh? What kind of dishwasher it that? 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:20:35	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about which Component defects that cause the draining and cleaning issues	false
57590586	We have a Bosch that we bought from Sears about 5 years ago. About two months ago the motor came on and would not stop running. The control unit was replaced, sensors were replaced and the motor was then replaced (by Sears). The dishwasher now appears to work. It is somewhat noisier before. We were quite satisfied with the performance before the motor problem occurred. We are very disappointed with Bosch reliability. We feel that the machine should have lasted at least 10 years without a major breakdown. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:20:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Component Defect: Control Unit	false
78216705	I have had this model since 10/2009.  My dishes weren't getting clean and there was a film that was getting worse and worse on the glasses and silverware.  I was told I was using the wrong type of dishwashing soap, that I needed to clean the filter every time, etc.  I followed all the instructions for this tempermental dishwasher (except the one from the repairman who told me to wash the dishes before I put them into the dishwasher).  My dishes got worse, so that I had to wash them all by hand to get the grime off.  After about 4 weeks of waiting, Bosch replaced the dishwasher.  It's been about 3-4 months, and my last load of dishes looked like the dishwasher had never run.  Just like before, it became worse and worse and worse. I have been using the liquid dishwashing detergent--just the right amount, rinsing the filter each time, and running it on the regular cycle (the eco cycle is even worse).  I don't see how this dishwasher gets such high reviews.  Yes, it is quiet.  But I would expect it to wash the dishes.  I am getting it out of my house after having to handwash all my dishes, glasses, and cutlery...again. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:20:35	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing this issue	false
88463356	well I just got my new dishwasher, and I just sent it back with the driver, it was obvious it was sitting in about a foot of water, you could see right into the box and see the waterline on the dishwasher, I guess it's a sign too when Walmart won't even sell this terrible product 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:20:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information about Component Defect that caused this leaking	false
19463437	I purchased this about a year ago and this dishwasher is horrid.  On the first cycle it etched our dishes.  I have since tweaked the water temp and gone through everything in the owners manual and it is no good.  The door to release the soap never works reliably and every cycle leaves large white soap stains on the plates.  We have tried everything... all the troubleshooting, the most expensive soap, jet dry etc.  I have now done a ton of research and realized that I need to pay up for a good 18 inch dishwasher. I am ordering a new dishwasher today and I will have completely lost the cost of this item.  You have been warned. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 13:20:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
16490863	I was looking for a dishwasher to fit on my counter and save me the trouble of doing the dishes myself. Well, this certainly answered both of those demands. It's not too big but it's enough for 1-2 people and it actually works great. However, if you have extra large dinner plates they are not gonna fit... All in all, a good purchase. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 14:03:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Complaint: Can't Fit Big Dishes	false
64038872	after an initial good start, the dishes aren't clean and the circuit board is doing random stuff and blinking and starting by itself. awful, awful product. wish i had read these reviews before buying this. frigidaire should be ashamed of itself. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 14:03:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information About Specific Component Defects	false
46286656	This machine lasted 4 years before the electronic panel went kaput. The repair was estimated at $350-450, depending on whether it was just the panel or the motherboard as well that needed to be replaced. The repairman said the part of the problem (beyond just cheap electronic components) is that the steam release is right next to the electronic panel. As a dishwasher, it was fine, but I expect appliances to at least make it for a decade.I will never buy another Maytag. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 14:03:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83352664	I wrote this review after I purchased this Whirlpool dishwasher, on about July of 2012.  Today, August the 8th 2013, this wander stopped draining the washer water, flooded the kitchen, when removed and checked the drainer pump, it melted the plastic housing, the entire bottom case has to be changed for doing the repair.  It costs just about the price of a new dishwasher machine!!!I purchased this item from Lowes, BASED ON THEIR 5 STAR RATINGS, but I discovered the Lowes rating system was a deceit.  I DID SUBMIT A VERY DETAILED REPORT TO LOWES, THEY NEVER PUBLISHED THE REPORT!!!!The Lowes comsumer reports are fradulant scheems to leed costomers to products Lowes had purchased on a very low price and can make substantial profit on the shabby products.  First, the plastic body of the appliance is too week, slight pressure can deform the body, so the attached inside plasic lines will not work properly, the dishes will not get the pressure needed to clean them.  Second, the front door was attached crooked, when slided into place looks like a sore misfit.  Third, several plumbing items were recommended to be purchased with the appliance for installation, BUT NO ELECTRIC CORD.  Lots of electric lines hanging out of the bottom, none of them has an electrical plug!  We called the local electrician contractor, $185.00 for the first hour plus parts.NEVER BUY ANYTHING ON LINE FROM LOWES, BASED ON THEIR RATINGS, LOOK AT THE PRODUCT YOURSELF BEFORE PURCHASE OR BUY IT FROM AMAZON.COM WHERE YOU CAN RELY ON THEIR PUBLISHED RATINGS. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 14:03:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21330005	I'd never owned a Miele dishwasher before this one, but I'd heard the hype: cleans great, super-quiet, saves water, etc. So I bought one and found that most of the hype is false.First, it's not that quiet.  I wouldn't call it loud, but it's no quieter than my old Kenmore that was half the price.It also doesn't fit dishes particularly well. I don't understand how Miele took a standard-sized dishwasher and made it hold only 2/3 the dishes of my old Kenmore, but somehow they did it. The rack layout just stinks.But worst of all, this dishwasher is lousy for cleaning. In a typical load of dirty dishes (no rinsing by hand), 6-10 items don't get clean. Primary offenders are the frontmost and rearmost plates on the bottom rack, any silverware in the top (third) rack, and cups facing downward. They are left with bits of food.  Mind you, I am not a novice at loading a dishwasher and I followed the recommended patterns in the manual. Simply put, the cleaning capability is the worst I've seen in a modern dishwasher. Since this is also the most expensive dishwasher I've ever owned, that's bad.I had the machine checked out by an authorized Miele service technician, who found nothing wrong. So I took advantage of Miele's love it or return it policy, got my money back, and purchased a KitchenAid KUDE70CVSS for a few hundred dollars less. You can read my review of the KUDE70CVSS on Amazon too. (Hint: the title is This dishwasher rocks!!!) 	ctress10	10-20-2015 14:03:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing these complaints	false
46823992	I am still bummed that we didn't have room for a full size dish washer but this 18#34; works fine.We use regular liquid cascade and use the normal setting. Everything comes clean. I do pre rinse the dishes pretty well first.It is pretty quiet when it runs. We watch tv in the next room and the dishwasher is not disruptive at all.We still have to wash big items by hand. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:11:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67078896	Two months after owning the Kitchenaid KUDS30IXSS, plastic parts attaching wheel to rack structure broke and the entire rack fell down.  Poor construction, designed obsolescence taken a bit too far here on the part of KitchenAid (Whirlpool Corp).  Remember when deciding to buy a Kitchenaid, it is owned by Whirlpool.Initial satisfaction was high in terms of cleaning dishes, however the CANCEL button on the front of the unit has a tendency to fire if you lean against the unit or even just brush with your thigh as you walk by (which does happen in a Kitchen).  When you have a big family and you just started the dishwasher and 20 min into the job it CANCELs just because you walk by - big waste of time.  Engineers as Whirlpool should consider reducing the sensitivity of the cancel button or perhaps requiring a triple push by the user???  This is something that should keep the engineers at whirlpool awake at night! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:11:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46807660	Does not clean as thoroughly as I thought it would. I've tried 3 different types of soap and all the settings.  I'm so disappointed because all of the reviews were great. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:11:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
66075479	A little over a year ago, I completely remodeled my kitchen....top-endappliances, Wolf cook-top, Sub-Zero frig and this awesome KitchenAiddishwasher.  The dishwasher looked great, worked great.....until the soapdispenser broke.KitchenAid's response =&gt; Out of warranty and the replacement part isbackordered for 2 months! Just deal with a broken dishwasher. Buyer beware,they obviously have a big problem with this dishwasher.Very disappointed in KitchenAid.....But live  learn. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:11:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55574296	Even after following all the tips in the troulbe shooting manual we still have food particles left on our glasses.  The lack of a heated dry is also a definite down side.  Does this Energy Star appliance really save energy if you have to run it twice just to get the dishes clean?  This thing reminds me of the early low flow toilets that had to be flushed multiple times.  I've bought lots of Samsung products and have been happy with everything but this lousy dishwasher. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:11:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88972560	This KUDS30CXWH1 kitchenaid dishwasher is the worst appliance we have purchased in 40 years!!  In the first year, while under warranty, there were at least 4 service calls.  Since then we have had so many service calls I've lost track. The dishwasher always picks the worst time to fail, over the holidays when we are doing the most entertaining.  Last year it was down 30 days around Christmas.  This year it will be down 3 weeks over Christmas before the service people can get here. The problem is always the fuse in the control panel which blows out leaving the machine dead, or it fails, completely blowing out the expensive control panel.  We've been forced to get a service contract on this machine because it it so undependable.  Another problem was that the upper rack is supported on cheap plastic wheels and the weight on the upper rack caused it to collapse.  This is all unfortunate, since the Kitchenaid dishwasher we had before this lasted 20 years.  Something bad has happened to Kitchenaid quality and we will steer clear of them in the future. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:14:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	fuse in control panel	false
86465887	Awesome little washer for my apartment. Have had it a few months and still going strong, BUT I had to connect it like a real washer because I don't have the faucet type it required for hookup. Thankfully that wasn't too hard. DOES NOT WORK WITH SINGLE SPRAYER ALL IN ONE FAUCETS! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:14:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16401853	Consumer reports rated this very highly...I cancelled my consumer reports subscription.  EVERY day I kick myself in the butt for believing them.  When the machine is finished washing, the default setting is to stay on.  It does not turn off when it is done.  After 15 months pieces are falling apart in the washing baskets.I do dishes every day and every day I regret this desesion. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:14:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51526399	I bought this thing for my wife when we moved into our home five years ago. It was a failure from the beginning. She loved the design, she loved the functionality. Our friends always commented how cool it was. It did a decent job on the easy stuff, wine glasses and such. If you put a dirty dish in the thing, it could not clean the dishes. Dried food particles left would be left dried all over the other dishes. The only solution is to really wash the dishes by hand before placing in the dishwasher. My poor wife. I kept making fun of her having to wash the dishes by hand so her lovely dishwasher would work. This thing was overworked cleaning our clean dishes. It has spent approximately 6 months of its five year life broken. The warranty work from Fisher Pakel was great, always nice and they really wanted to help.....but there was a fundamental flaw, the product. After 6 tries, we give up. We are dumping this heap and going with a top of the line Kenmore. Highly rated by Consumer Reports and traditional. Not as exciting as the Dishdrawer, but I expect the thing to be a lot more reliable and last longer. This puts an end to FIVE years of dissapointment. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:14:37	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
67263503	My old dishwasher was a maytag and I loved it, so went with the same, middle line for replacement.  This dishwasher has a terrible design.  There is no latch to the door, you just pull really hard to open.  If your hands are wet, they just slip off the hand hold (breaking nails argh!).  My hands are always wet when I'm doing dishes, so I would have to dry them or use a towel to get the dishwasher open.  It doesn't stack dishes well at all.  We are a two person household and could usually go three days before needing to run the dishwasher, but this one had to be run everyday.  If we were a large family with children still at home we would not be able to get all the dishes in.  I was very disappointed with the entire design.  On the plus side, it runs fairly quiet, but that is it's best feature.  I've never tried to return a built in appliance before, but I actually returned this and bought a different dishwasher. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:14:37	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Did not like the lack of latch component	false
15163797	We have had this dishwasher since 2/4/2010 and thank goodness we bought the extended warranty from Lowes.  I have become friends with the service repairman.  At last count, he has been at our house five time.  It would clean dishes properly, it has overflowed and now the pump doesn't pump water...it sort of steams' the dishes.  #fail. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:19:11	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
60213182	I am very pleased with this dishwasher. It is very good quality and I am pleased with it's performance. I am definitely pleased with the price. It is a little loud but I just turn it on when I go to bed and it doesn't bother me. It really isn't that loud. I disagree with a previous comment that it looks like fake stainless mine matches well with my other appliances. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:19:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68542134	I thought the tall model wouldn't fit under my counter, so I ordered the regular one. I think the tall model has a smaller toe kick or something because this model is a bit too small. It works fine, but my plates are a bit too large to fit in it, so I have to lean them over, which is awkward. I don't need the toe kick, but I do need a few more inches so my plates fit well.It cleans well, but you must use the rinse agent, or it gets a film over the dishes. I am going to try using white vinegar instead of that horrible blue stuff, but I bought a bunch of it on sale, so will wait until it runs out! I don't like that i'm eating chemicals!Also, it gets a lot of gunk in the bottom, which may be due to the natural detergent I use. I used to use Cascade complete, but I'm trying to avoid chemicals, so I use the natural stuff (can't remember the brand , 7th Generation is one, but there are others), and it seems to build up a white film all over the sides and bottom of the dishwasher.In my kitchen, there was only room for this dishwasher, which I love because you don't have to bend over and it doesn't pull out that far. My kitchen is tiny, so this is the perfect solution. If they stop making them, I may not be able to get another dishwasher in my space. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:19:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81883056	I bought this as a gift for my wife, but I did not get the product protection plan. This is a great little dish washer and once you learn how to load it you can do a lot of dishes at once. We have had just one problem with it, very shortly after we got it the plastic on the door cracked. The dishwasher works without the plastic, but it dose not look as nice. The bigger problem is that I don't know where to find parts for the thing. All in all we love it, but we wish we would have gotten the protection plan. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:19:11	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	door cracked	false
56707699	This dishwasher is a joke.  You can't fit normal size dinner plates in it, because it prevents the spray arm from turning.  All of the glasses on the top shelf end up with crud inside of them. I should have paid to have my tried and true frigidaire 18#34; fixed.  I absolutely hate this thing. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:19:11	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	normal size dishes block the spray arm	false
33086204	I purchased this because my previous KitchenAid dishwasher lasted 10 years and never had a problem. This one has been nothing but a problem. I have had this dishwasher for a little over two years. The utensil holder's bottom starting braking away after 9 months. It was never an exceptional cleaner but after one year, I had to start rewashing by hand most of the pots and glasses. This was after everything was rinsed before going in the dishwasher. I had a repairman in to see if there was a reason for the lousy cleaning but he found no faulty parts. Now the start button won't work. This thing is going to the dump where it belongs. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:29:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
43989751	This little power dishwasher is really great.  It takes a few tries to learn how to load it for the best cleaning.  Sits on the counter next to the sink.  So easy. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:29:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87056481	Hello all, or Aloha all :)I was given this dishwasher. It was missing a part. I was told to order part number WD 0015 01. I was told this was the correct item by the person who gave it to me, and by the referred company. I just got my order today. It was in a box that was about 6 inches X 6 inches. So, knowing how companies love to pack oversize boxes with tiny parts, I wasn't too surprised. Now, my Haier DW has the hoses connected and the plug, of course. So, imagine my surprise, when I opened the box and finding what looks like a rubber washer! Am I missing something? I did download and print out the manual. The quick release is connected to the hose, as shown. Do I just fit this rubber ring/washer into the quick release to run the dishwasher? I actually was going to purchase this item from Amazon. Due to health reasons I am unable to sit or stand for long periods of time. Finances did not allow for an Amazon purchase but I read the reviews here to see the good and bad features. I read more good than bad. So, I printed the manual, and I think I am good to go. Do you see anything I could possibly be missing from my description that would prevent me from hooking it up and using it?Mahalo/Thanks! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:29:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88542038	. Its perfect for a small kitchen. First time I ran it got error message. I turned water input down, no more problem. I used the nugget dish cleaner(put it in one of the utensil openings). I  hate hand washing dishes. Product works very well. Would have given 5 stars, except the manual needs more info. I figured it out. Love using it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:29:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26307899	This product worked fine for only one year, after that the water pump motor, electronic circuit controller and the door controller pad all failed. My estimated repair cost from a certified repairman is almost $800 in parts and labor and I only paid $500 for the dishwasher.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:29:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65845385	I purchased a Frigidaire professional series dishwasher in 2009 along with a range (which I like), a refrigerator (so far so good) and a microwave (noisy with inadequate lighting and incredibly noisy exhaust fan).  Within the past 9 months, the dishwasher began making a strange noise.  It still would wash and complete the normal cycle, but this supposedly quiet machine became anything but that.  A repairman informed me today that I would have to replace both the motor and the pump.  The door also makes a terrible noise when opening and closing...lubrication with silicone spray did not help.  I was told that the mechanism for the door would also have to be replaced.  When all was totaled, I have decided to replace the dishwasher entirely after only 4 years! Guess I should have done more research before I purchased this one.  I recommend anyone considering a Frigidaire appliance to think twice then buy something else.  Check with Consumer Reports first. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:31:22	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
67108183	My family of four has had this DW for 5+ years.  It has stopped working three times.  I don't recall the exact amounts, but I estimate we have spent over $300 in repair and parts costs, all told.  Danby parts can't be obtained quickly/easily and I had one certified Danby Tech. in a 100 mile radius to call for help, glean from this what you will.  This is not the sort of machine that can be fixed by even the most adept DIYer.  The first breakdown was due to a plastic part well inside and protected, that cracked.  The second time it stopped working the repair person replaced the latch and coordinating sensor, saying that it was a common failure with this model.  I'm not paying to find out what's wrong this time, but it's been leaking every few cycles for weeks and now just won't go.  It has been five months since our last repair.When we purchased this machine it was one of the only 18 models to be found.  Now that larger manufacturers all have small 18 models available we will be purchasing one of these.  I'm leaning towards a GE, from Sears.  I am Looking forward to years of worry free use.  Unlike our experience with the Danby. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:31:22	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63459268	Very quiet and easy to run.  Cleans well too. I HATE the racks.  This is the worst dishwasher to load I have ever ever experienced.  If you only have standard size plates bowls and cups glasses you are fine.  But if you also have pots, odd size bowls, tupper ware, baking dishes forget it.  They just don't have spots for those and a meals worth of place settings.  I also find that it doesn't hold a lot so i have to run it more frequently than i did my 11 year old Bosch which I could cram full and everything still came out clean.Another huge annoyance is that it only beeps to tell you it's finished - and its so quiet that you don't know if its finished so you aren't sure if you just didn't hear the beeps or its still running.Really regret this purchase - what a pain. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:31:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53354245	I thought this would be a great piece to help us with the dishes that four people make, but I have had to pre-wash everything that goes it and it wasn't capable of handling even that! There was food particles left on everything. Juice left in the bottle of cups.We has to change the entire faucet to get this to even connect and they don't offer any additional adapters if theirs doesn't work. Total waste of time and money.This is going back! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:31:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
48385348	Well worth the effort of getting this little gem.  Haven't washed a dish since I got it.  Quick setup, and removal of inlet/exit hose. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:31:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
41045605	Shortly after I purchased this brand there was a piece on our local television station called Don't waste your money and it featured my new dishwasher. They were so right. It never cleaned the dishes and I am replacing it after less than five years. I will never purchase another Frigidaire appliance of ANY kind. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:34:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
29750661	I saved $100 here on Amazon Prime on this purchase.The first one arrived scrached and damaged so back it went.Two days later came the real thing.This dishwasher works really good, however it is loud.Anyway ya get what ya pay for.This is Ok for the price-really it is.It installed very well no problem's.Don't use cheap soap and use the rinse no spot.It work's just fine. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:34:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
30623347	I have owned this for about one month now.  Its a little loud, but cleans well.  If you want something under $400 and noise is not a big issue for you, but you want something that cleans well, this is for you. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:34:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
82825554	I haven't even connect the unit yet because for $750 apparently they are too cheap to give you a power cord.  Are you kidding me?  $750 and no power cord?  I'm extremely tempted to return it for this reason alone.Shockingly stupid.  Now I get to make a special trip for a power cord.  Ugh. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:34:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	upset they didn't include a power cord	false
89207457	When this unit works, we love it!  However, even though our unit is less than 1 year old, we are waiting for our 3rd repair to take place tomorrow.  This is the 2nd time for the seal to give way allowing water to cascade across our floor.  It was fortunate that we were home both times, otherwise we may of had structural damage.  If you have wood or carpeted floors, I would not consider this unit.  For the money, I would expect much more from Fisher  Paykel.Update: Bought this unit in July 2011.  In less that 2 years we are waiting for our 5th repair!  That is more times than all our other appliances combined over the past 20 years.  I would love to trade it for a conventional dishwasher, but can't afford to take the $1200 hit. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:34:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
55306125	After moving out of an apartment that had a built-in dishwasher into my new place without one, I quickly found myself missing the automation.  Without the proper room to put in a built-in dishwasher, I had to go for a portable version.Pros:  It does its job well.  The hoses are easily attached and detached.  It's price is reasonable compared to others.Cons:  I wish it had more room - I often can't fit my bigger pots and pans in it even when it's completely empty.  It does have heated dry but I usually open up the door after the washing is complete and let it dry for many hours, sometimes overnight, so it would be nice to be faster like I was use to with my old built-in dishwasher.  Also, when I first set it up, my fingertips were wet and wrinkly, and fiddling around with the grooved plastic on the hoses started to peel skin from my fingers, but since then, I'm aware of it to attempt to prevent and this hasn't happened again.  A better design for those pieces may have prevented it in the first place though.Overall, this is a great portable dishwasher.  It certainly beats having to do the dishes manually! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:37:55	Safety Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	hoses made skin peel from his fingers because his hands were wet	false
37401699	I have had this dishwasherSamsung DMR78AHS 24 Integrated Console Tall Tub Dishwasher In Stainless Steelfor a year now. I think is one of the worst appliances I have ever owned.The thing started off with a 9E error which stops the cycle. This is the float sensor which because of the design gets clogged up inside causing errors. The grease and other food migrates into the float well where it coats the float because it is an open bottom float(why?). This causes frequent errors and the cycle will not start. Fixed numerous times and will never be fixed due the design. Replace the float sensor unit or totally disassemble it every few month to clean it.Now a new error code 4E error and this stops the cycle. This is the flow sensor for the fill water. This was intermittent but now it won't start. I have to call for service again.The service guy replaced the flow sensor and the water valve and it still doesn't work. Now the circuit board has to be replaced. Samsung would not allow the service people to have a circuit board until they replaced the other components. This is ridiculous making the customer wait while they are being cheap.Samsung dishwashers = junk.I will never buy another Samsung Appliance, ever!Stick with cell phones and electronics because your appliance engineering is a disgrace. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:37:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59240229	There is no heating element to dry the dishes so the dishwasher interior is always wet. The dishes are not cleaned well in the Normal wash setting because the water does not get hot enough . My guess is that it uses too little water, 1.7 to 6.4 gallons total for 4 wash and 2 rinse cycles. Basically, the hot water does not run long enough to get hot. To get any decent temperature, you need to use the Steam Power setting. Another annoying thing is that the Steam Power setting with extra rinse and extra dry setting takes 4.11 hours to run. This is got to be the record! 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:37:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
72618488	Easy to install, my wife hooked the dishwasher up. I didn't fit our counter top, so we bought a rolling table and hook it up to the sink when needed. It is very quiet and the dishes are very clean. I would buy this again. This is for a rental home and it is better than the standard built in dishwasher from our previous house that we still own and rent out. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:37:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78769174	Easy instructions. Took a couple of days to figure out the best ways to load our dishes. That top rack really is only tall enough for teacups, custard dishes, corning ware soup bowls, lids and the like. We usually set those aside until the bottom is loaded. Silverware container DOES NOT BELONG IN THE BIG GAP IN THE BACK RIGHT OF THE RACK. It belongs in a couple of spaces that don't have upright spikes. The big hole in the back allows dinner plates to sit a little lower and clear the top of the dishwasher better. You can put the silverware container there if you want but need to place it such that one of the spikes is inserted through the silverware container, to keep it from falling too low and interfering with the spray arm.Size seems to be fine for the two of us, and we hand wash large pans. For us, this is much better than waiting 2 days to fill a normal dishwasher and as a result, having to scrub the dishes first so the food doesn't dry on too hard by then. This little thing we run daily sometimes twice. We've been using the same tablet-type detergent as in the big dishwasher, with better results. Maybe we needed to use more detergent all along in the big machine to make up for slightly hard water.  It does take up the space indicated in the measurements, and to permanently install in the same space as the old big dishwasher would require lowering existing sink drain traps to ensure the machine is higher than the waste water exit line's attachment to the house drain (according to the instructions, machine must not drain upward).  You could build it into a higher cabinet, I suppose but don't know why you would want to.  We plan to buy or build a roll-around cabinet to place it on, that will sit at the end of our existing cabinets, just inside the dining room.  In our situation the approx 6-foot hoses will reach the sink without having to move the cabinet.Dishes are generally not dry at the end of the cycle, most especially the plastic ones. That is fine with us, we just crack the door open and put them away once they have air dried.At the time we purchased, the Amazon price was higher than another major retailer, so we let Amazon know about the lower price and went ahead and purchased from the other retailer about 3 weeks ago.  Today, Amazon's price is the same as that other retailer, which also had free shipping. 	meg13	10-20-2015 14:37:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
62036644	Horrible!  Horrible product, horrible service, horrible customer (not) care.  I spent over 5 months with serviceman after serviceman begging Dacor to fix this machine.  It never in the entire 5 months I owned it (yes, purchased NEW) cleaned a full load of dishes.  Dacor would not return my calls, acted very uncaring and in the end, ignored me until I was so tired of having a torn up kitchen with dishes piled everywhere (we have 5 kids and a teeny kitchen with a small single bowl kitchen sink - a dishwasher is more than a luxury item for us) they finally offered me a pitiful settlement to buy the until back.  I accepted only because I didn't have any more fight left in me.  Now I have enough cash from them to go buy a cheapo builders grade unit and live with a 6 hole in my cabinets.  Maybe at least my dishes will be clean.  So much for my dream kitchen.I will never ever buy or recommend dacor for anything.  I don't care if someone offers you one for free, it's still to much for this piece of junk. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:05:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
55557030	I'll cut to the chase: We've owned it 18 months and we are going to replace it. The first service call came one day before the warranty expired. The electronic panel burned out and needed to be replaced. Also, the top rack essentially disintegrated and it needed to be replaced. Customer service for warranty repair was terrible. Took 10 days for the service rep to show up and tell us he couldn't fix it. Took another two weeks before he returned with a replacement panel. Then he showed up a week later with the replacement rack. Essentially we were without a dishwasher for a month.A little while later, the dishwasher was MUCH louder during the washing cycle than it ever had been before (one of the reasons we purchased it in the first place were the raves about how quiet it was, which was true for the first year). Now it's loud and obnoxious. A couple months after that, we noticed that a lot of our dishes weren't getting clean. Now it has totally stopped cleaning any dishes at all. First it was just the top rack wasn't getting clean, now nothing is getting clean.Guess what? Service guy (we purchased the extended warranty--a total ripoff) says he can't make it out for two weeks! Betcha when he finally gets here, he'll say he needs to order parts and won't be back for two more weeks.We're lowering our blood pressure by replacing it outright. Ever since the nightmare's started, I've found lots and lots of bad reviews of this stink pot. Maybe your luck will be different, but I wouldn't be surprised if you ended up regretting your purchase as much as we did.God's mercy on whomever decides to shell out a grand for this lemon; you'd be better off slapping yourself in the face with a dead fish and then washing your dishes by hand afterward. At least you'll be $1,000 richer.UPDATE 03/27/2014:Service guy showed up. Diagnosis: Motor shot. Completely shot. Guess what? Two weeks for a part to come in.Two weeks later the service guy shows up again. While replacing the motor, he realizes that the PLASTIC shaft that controls the debris-grinder has snapped completely, and he needs to replace that as well. Guess what? Another two weeks for the part!What kind of cheap-jack company makes a product in which the two most vital components wear out in less than two years? Kitchen Aide, apparently, that's who!They should rename themselves Kitchen AIDS--because their product is an incurable disease! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:05:30	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
75667807	I bought one of these and has been the worst I've ever worked like a beautiful but useless oven icon .. the technical service is very very bad. these two devices have never been used and is already the warranty expiring .. nobody me has solved the problemyo compre uno de estos y ha sido lo peor que he hecho nunca funciono al igual que un bello horno icon pero inservible..el servicio tecnico  es muy muy malo. estos dos aparatos nunca han sido usados y ya esta por vencer la garantia .. nadie me ha resuelto el problema 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:05:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31317452	I have a large family and this dishwasher is designed in such a way that I went from 2 loads per day with my other dishwasher to 1. I also never prewash I only scrape the plates and everything comes out very clean.I have used many different dishwashers through my live and this is by far the best one yet.The only neg. is that if you put the silverware in the door like it says you can there is nothing to hook the basket to. It just sits in there. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:05:30	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
84871058	I bought a Miele because of a reputation for being quiet and reliable.It is well designed, especially the dish racks, cleans well, and is very quiet.  However, it basically fell apart after six years.  I was advised by Miele and the service company that it was worth repairing since it should last more than ten years.  After four service visits, $750 dollars worth of parts, and several unhelpful calls to Miele, it still did not work.I replaced it with another brand made in the US that is just as quiet and actually cleans better.  I prefer the Miele design, but it is not worth the hassle and expense given the poor reliability. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:05:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	fell apart	false
60360882	WE moved into a house without a dishwasher.  The only place we could put it was not big enough for a standard size (unless we totally redid the kitchen).  We wash most of our dishes in this and they come out clean.  The only issue I've noticed is that cups/mugs do not seem to get clean if placed on the bottom rack.  Also we generally don't wash pots in it, they are just too big and its not efficient use of space. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:19:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	says bottom rack doesn't clean as well for specific items	false
86018755	Dishwasher came in a quite sealed box and overall was not as heavy as expected. The connectors for the water supply are simple and straight forward and do not leak at all being hand tightened. I basically never have to wash dishes again so with that said my review of the product is a positive one. The capacity is probably a bit smaller then I expected but I can easily wash two sink fulls of dishes in about three loads. Overall performance of the washing part is good as long as you use the right detergent and correct amount of it. Only thing it has not removed was heavily baked on goods which I did not think it would.Other then that the cycles take forever to go through, but then again I usually run it before I go to bed or leave for work. My overall satisfaction with the drying portion is negative. This dish washer does not dry dishes, it simply heats up the ambient air inside the box and steam dries the dishes. Take into consideration there is no external vent to vent the air. I simply leave the door open for a day, hand dry the dishes, or put them on a drying rack/towel for a day to completely dry. Imagine completely soaked dishes from being rinsed in the sink, now imagine you pick up said dish and shake the water off, that is the drying capability we are talking about. Not too bad though because once again I do not need to wash dishes in the sink ever again (unless they are really big).For some reason mine makes a scraping noise like the hinge is rubbing something when the door is opening and closing. Does not affect the operation at all just an annoyance when you go to close it the door, it scrapes something.Overall if you have counter space, no dishwasher and a desire to have a dish washer I would recommend the purchase of this product. The small problems it has are well ignored for the fact of not having to wash dishes. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:19:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64106392	I was so excited to be getting this dishwasher before it arrived. Once I did receive it we were able to operate it just fine. However, the wash cycle is ridiculously long. There is no dry cycle. And worst of all... the setup of the trays for holding your dishes is extremely strange and practically unusable. The shapes created by the way the carriage is designed and where the bars stick up, how far apart they are, limit the number and types of dishes that can be entered. Sincerely, you can only wash 4 cups, 4 plates, 4 bowls, etc. And they must be configured in the washer the way the thing was designed. It's a pain. I gave it away. I bought it originally because I felt that my silverware and tupperware were not looking clean after sink washing. I hoped the super hot electric washing would help. But now I just add a 1/2 cup of vinegar to my soapy sink water, and everything I wash by hand looks incredible! Makes more sense to manually wash than buying this thing does. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:19:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32005908	I have had this dishwasher for a year now. It has been helpful and I use it at least every day. It is light weight too move easy to hook up. It holds all the silverware.... I don't like to wash them by hand.  Its quiet, the dishes come out sparkling, and sterile. The racks also move to accommodate almost anything. It doesn't take up room. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:19:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79681421	I really love having a dish washer and it's usually a lifesaver, but it gets clogged easily and stops working. It also seems like the dishes only get really clean when I use the pots and pans setting. It hasn't increased my electric bill notably so I don't complain. I do wish there was a better way  to know when all the water has drained from the hose though; it makes a small mess if I don't get it all out immediately. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:19:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47750766	Have had this less than a week.  Out of the box, the end of cycle alert didn't work.  Will have arepair person take a look/see.  I have to say, this is the best dishwasher I've ever had.  It isextremely quiet.  The glasses come out sparkling and it does a fantastic job on dishes.  Just scrapeoff the food (no rinsing) easily load dishes and start washer. There is plenty of room for everythingplus it has a half load option. Great item. If the end of cycle alert hadworked, I'd have given it 5 stars.Look around for best prices and free installation possibilities. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:25:30	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
34460850	I started using this dishwasher on Nov. 1, 2012.  I did a complete gut and remodel of my kitchen, and used the cabinet panel option for the front of the dishwasher.  I have been married 29 years and I have owned 6 kitchen aid dishwashers.  From the moment I started using this unit I have had a problem.  WHEN you can get the unit to run, it does a superb job cleaning the dishes.  No matter how crusty, they come out sparkly clean.  It looks beautiful in my cabinet line up.  That is where the goodness ends.  I have already had a new touch pad and board put in, a reinstall to try and make the space from the door to rack ratio better, and now a new latch and catch are on order!!  I have used it less than two months!!  When you type in Kitchen Aid dishwasher pops open during cycle there are 428 reports of this since 2009!!  When you try and call Kitchen Aid corporate, the number listed is disconnected.  I am under warranty, so all of the repairs are being covered, however, from the posts I am seeing, it seems this unit is fraught with problems that only worsen over time.  I wish I would have read these reviews BEFORE I purchased this unit.  Do yourself a favor, DO NOT BUY A KITCHEN AID DISHWASHER!  This is advice from a nearly 30 year user of Kitchen Aid dishwashers.  The are made by Whirlpool and they are not good! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:25:30	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
62642704	I have a small apartment and this dishwasher sits perfectly on the counter next to my sink. I have run this it through the hard soak cycle twice, both washes came out completely clean. Its the perfect little dishwasher for one or two people. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:25:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72267621	Most of the appliances in our kitchen are over 10 years old, and a lot of strides in energy efficiency has been introduced into the market place since the early part of the millennium. Enter the new Amana Dishwasher. The dishwasher uses 20% less water than our old dishwasher, and has actually lowered our electric bill by about $10 a month. The dishes comes out spotless, and I had to check the first time I ran it to even see if it was turned on since it was so quite. This is one purchase you will not regret getting! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:25:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49132229	I've seen mixed reviews on this washer, so maybe there are lemons out there, but I don't have one. This machine is perfect, the best I have ever used. It washes extremely well, cleaning some challenges I threw in there just to see what it could do. It is energy efficient and very quiet. I mean unbelievably quiet! I read you have to use Finish detergent and I don't find this an issue. I just use Finish, a small price to pay for the utility of this dishwasher. I read it loads poorly and I find it easy to load. One area I use for bowls tends to tip over until I get a plate in place. Whatever. I am 100% p,eased with my Bosch Ascentia! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:25:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35865045	I bought this from an overstock store so I only had 48 hrs to return. I brought it home and tried it out. It worked great the first day, dishes came out clean. Second time I ran it after the pre rinse it beeped and went directly to dry without washing the dishes. I have unplugged it and tried different settings but it always goes straight from pre rinse to dry. I plan to call Danby tomorrow. I know I do not have a warranty on this but I am hoping they can provide some troubleshooting tips because nothing I have tried works. It isn't overloaded I have even tried it with only two plates. It is a good price but if it won't wash dishes it is useless.. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:30:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
48039726	Wasn't quite sure what to expect with this dishwasher.  For all intents and purposed couldn't ask for anything better.  Arrived well packaged, very easy setup.  Did so after dinner, had kids put dishes aside while I cleaned the counter space and hooked it all up and had to buy the rinse and detergent aid.  By the time I had it ready, the left over remants of cheesy mashed potatoes were well dried on the kids plates.  Completely clean and sparkly after the cycle was complete. Works very well on counter top, quick release to the water tap is a snap.  LOve it.. Will update if any problems arise...so far no leaks for the get go.. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:30:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42587559	This dishwasher did not work. We tried different kinds of dishwasher soap thinking that was the problem but nothing worked. It also took 3-4 hours to do one load of dishes. TERRIBLE!!!! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:30:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Need More Information About the Component Defects to cause this Complaint	false
72110796	Very quiet, excellent cleaning with standard Finish Powertab detergent and very water/energy efficient.If you are careful loading it has good capacity.The racks have numerous features that allow for customization.We really like the silverware basket. It includes dividers that make emptying it very fast.The filter needs to be cleaned. I clean ours twice a week, takes a minute.There is no drying vent. I especially appreciate its absence since the vent from previous dishwashers damaged our cabinets. With no vent it is important to let the dishes cool, otherwise they will be wet. After cooling the dishes are dry.Very easy to install. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:30:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36551435	We purchased this machine from Lowe's 6 months ago.  It worked great for 3 months then started leaking water all over the floor. Not just a splash, but faucet-sized water. The first repair job, which took two weeks, simply replaced a hose clamp, which the repairman said was junk. He replaced it with newer junk and a month later, another flood.  Another call, another two visits (one to diagnose, one to repair). The company sent automotive-styled hose clamps, but the wrong size. To the credit of the repairman, he drove to Ace Hardware and bought the correct size. Now, however, the dishwasher won't drain and has become unresponsive. The clean light is flashing. The panel is totally unresponsive, even to the diagnostic magic keystrokes. Just dead. So, another service call has been scheduled. That means another two weeks or so of hand washing. This machine cost us over $1,000 installed. While it does do a great job of cleaning, the shoddy design, reliability, and materials simply shout stay away. Kitchenaid used to be a great name, but I won't buy another one. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:30:20	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74030004	This countertop dishwasher is great. The dishes get clean and it holds most every size of dish. It beats washing them by hand. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:33:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88752385	Just bought this product in Spring-2013. This product has a serious design flaw. The clearance between the lower rack and the lower wash arm is so small any non-conforming dish, plate; cutting board blocks the circular arm of the lower washing unit resulting in absolutely terrible cleaning results. Unless the people you have loading the dishwashers have PhDs in mechanical engineering they will place an object in the lower cleaning area that will obstruct the circular cleaning motion of the lower unit. If I don't load this dishwasher due to lower rack clearance, the cleaning ability of this dishwasher is not acceptable. Without the ability to adjust the clearance of the lower cleaning unit, this dishwater is a no go. Too bad, because when proper plates and dishes are placed in the correct locations it works pretty well. Failing marks to the mechanical design engineers. Most likely they were forced into this design by cost drivers. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:33:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	dishes block the circular arm of lower washing unit	false
47002294	What an utter piece of junk this thing really is. We have had it for 9 months and it does not clean dishes well at all, now it has broken for the second time. Do yourself a favor and look at another model this one is a complete waste of time even when it is #34;working#34;. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:33:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	doesn't clean well and is "broke" but didn't specify what isn't working	false
26042690	This dish washer is amazing!  After being in my apt for over a year without a dishwasher, having to do the dishes was becoming an enormous chore.  This gets everything clean, and we're even using less water than we were washing dishes by hand.  We've put plastics, pans, glass of all sizes in this and they always come out clean.  We use a packet soap with it, and have never had any problems. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:33:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35028310	I live in a really old apartment that didn't come with a dishwasher. I really hate washing dishes by hand and this countertop definitely does the job. It was bigger than I expected, but I have a lot of counter space so it wasn't really a problem. The instructions for temporary installment weren't completely clear- which is why I gave it 4 stars- so it took me a minute to connect it right. It's really easy to use one it's hooked up, and there are never any problems with leaking or anything. I've only used it a handful of times so far, but all my dishes come out nice and clean and I just pull out the rack and let them air dry for a little bit once it's done. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:33:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77223842	I am extremely satisfied with my Haier America HDT18PA Space Saver Compact Dishwasher.  It does a wonderful job washing my dishes and let me tell you...it gets them clean...no leftover food particles or residue (I checked every dish for an entire week as I put the dishes away).The perfect size for apartments, campers, rvs, anywhere!  My new dishwasher replaced my old dish draining rack...what perfect fit!  And my Haier dishwasher is not chintzy; it is a solid machine, and created with superior craftsmanship.I figured that the money I paid for the dishwasher is much cheaper than all the time I waste standing there doing dishes.  I can spend time with my family after dinner, instead of being chained to the sink.  The Haier Space Saver Compact Dishwasher can wash the dishes faster than I can...6 minutes for a rinse and hold cycle, 21 minutes for a normal cycle (42 minutes for a normal wash and dry), and 42 minutes for a heavy cycle (53 minutes for entire heavy wash and dry).  I was shocked to see how little water the washer uses.  And according to the energy saver sticker that was attached, washing 6 loads per week, for an entire year would only cost $26.00 worth of electric.  That's cheap!Not only am I in a much better mood now, my husband doesn't hear me nag about having to wash the dishes anymore.  The Haier America HDT18PA is a definite must buy! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:35:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86335825	and Samsung's refusal to do the right thing. This DW replaced a Maytag that I'd used for 15 years. I have had this dishwasher for less than two years. In that time I've never been thrilled with it. Dishes came out filmy and streaked even with using Jet Dry. In that same period of time (20 months) I've had 4 different Samsung service calls out to look at it and one local appliance repair man. The first tech came only 2 months after purchase. Despite being outside of the one year warranty, subsequent repair calls were covered by Samsung who extended the warranty as a courtesy. This most recent issue has left me without an operable DW for 3 weeks and 3 attempts at repair (I consider this to be 1 service call as they were all related to the same particular issue). I have spoken to numerous reps from Samsungs' Executive Customer Service and while polite they were unable to do anything other than offer a temporary warranty extension to have the authorized repair center come out to service the machine. The repairs never did resolve the problem and my machine still stops running mid-cycle with displays of a 5E or SE error code. I've sent 2 different emails to Samsung about my dissatisfaction with their product. They seem to be unconcerned that the machine does not work at all after significantly less than two years. What a waste of money. I did research DWs before this original purchase and spoke with the department manager at Lowes who assured me that Samsung products were well made. What balogna! I strongly urge everyone to avoid Samsung DWs, maybe their other appliances are better made, but their unwillingness to help me replace this DW or offer a buy back or SOMETHING is very frustrating. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:35:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
42560627	Brand new, have only done 4 loads. Dishwasher does not drain - always very wet inside, and smells funny because of that. White spots all over the glasses. Bottom rack comes off the track easily. Soap dispenser does not always open. Does not dry well. All of our other new appliances are excellent; none of them is a Frigidaire. Wish us luck in returning this for another brand! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:35:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	leaking inside causes odor	false
69173284	I got this 2 weeks ago and it been cleaning almost non-stop trying to keeping up with all the dishes my family and friends use. It been doing a real good job, So I fired the old dish washer which made her happy. It was easy to setup, it hooks up to your sink with the adapter that comes with it, all you need is the dish washer soap. The washing takes about a hour and a half a load but you can use faster washes for less dirty dishes. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:35:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73185229	people need to understand that a heated dry option on dishwashers melts just about every piece of plastic you would put on the bottom rack of a dishwasher with that option. This Samsung dishwsaher is SUPER quiet, VERY large, EXTREMELY good looking, and just GREAT at washing dishes. If you own this and are experiencing less than adequate drying cycles, try running the hot water at a near by faucet before beginning a load. Turns out that the hot water with added temperature increase via heated jets is what the washer uses to create the steam NECESSARY to dry your dishes at the end of the cycle. SO STOP OPENING UP THE DISHWASHER WHILE IT'S RUNNING, though you can do this and it will resume. True, it's not really steam, but it is damn HOT water and DOES dry dishes when used with JETDRY (like it says to use, DUH) It also has a half load option, and tons of various ways the racks can be setup. It's nice to NEVER hear your dishwasher running!!!! people writing negative reviews. . . . get a frikin clue and don't offer advice on anything technological ever again, thanx. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:35:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34931537	I'm really surprised to see all the bad reviews here. Maybe I got a newer version or something, but this is my favorite dishwasher I've ever owned. I take care of my elderly Mom and Aunt, so I'm cooking and cleaning up all day. I run 3-4 loads a day in this thing, every day. It's been amazing. It cleans like a dream. But because there's only a spray bar in the bottom of the drawer (not also on top like full sized washers) you have to make sure there's room for the water to get to the dishes. You can't put a cup on the rack directly above a plate and expect the water to get to it, for example.I love having both drawers so one can be washing while you load up the next one. It's also so quiet -- everyone that visits comments on how quiet it is. You only hear the sound of swishing water, and a hum when it's draining.I always use cascade complete powder -- that seems to work the best and have used that for years-- not just in this dishwasher. I never rinse or pre-wash anything. It gets dried, stuck on food off every time. (I'm not sure if that's the dishwasher or the cascade complete, but it works great.) 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:38:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32666193	I live in a small studio apartment and the Danby Countertop Dishwasher is one of the best purchases I've made. I hate doing dishes and was thrilled the day my dishwasher arrived. So far, I've found much to like. First, setup was quick and within a few minutes I was ready to run my first batch of dishes. I use Finish Powerball tabs and I recommend this detergent. I also recommend rinsing the dishes before use and they will come out spotless, even on the P3 Rapid Wash, which takes about an hour. Despite its small size, the dishwasher holds quite a bit, provided you get creative with loading. Even though there is no heating element for drying, just open the door at the end of the cycle and plates and glasses will dry shortly. Plastic and silverware will take a hand drying. There are a couple of flaws: the cycles are long: over 2 hours for a couple of them. The silverware basket is small and flimsy. And there are long pauses during the cycle. A readout with time remaining would be nice. But overall I am pleased with this appliance. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:38:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88839454	Having received my dishwasher as a Christmas gift from my son I was thrilled with the prospect of not having to wash dishes any longer (never had a dishwasher).  Well now Easter is here and the damn thing will not work.  I push the button and in 15 seconds the machine beeps and will not start.  I called customer service and was told no service centers in my area and the service department would get back to me within 48 hours from the next business day which should be Wednesday.....I will see if they actually do.  While it was working it worked great little noise and cleaned very well.  Now the only noise it makes is the beeping telling you there is a problem.  High price to pay for a kitchen counter blocker. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:38:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	won't start, just keeps beeping	false
90407473	Unit came as a scratch and dent and was not listed as such! Fortunately the damage was minor and at the rear of the machine. Would have liked to have known this was a damaged product. Otherwise a good product. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:38:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	condition the unit arrived in was the issue; not a defect	false
66529049	This dishwasher looks good and I even thought it cleaned well...but I rinse my dishes before putting them in. BUT!!!! The pump went out within a year. The dishwasher is only run about 3-4 times a week. The repairman said that he had replaced several pumps in these dishwashers. Well here I am 15 months later and the replacement pump has just gone out AGAIN! I called LG and they were quite pleased to inform me that this is MY problem now, not theirs. Piece of junk product and TERRIBLE SERVICE! I'm not sure if I will put more money in this thing, or replace it... Don't fool yourself. It's a LEMON! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:38:01	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60659885	I've owned this dishwasher for about a year and a half, and for the most part it has performed very well. However, recently it seems to like to stall in the middle of its cycles for no reason. The knob just stops turning while it's on, so it may keep running in place and won't progress beyond that point. We haven't had it serviced yet to find out what the resolution might be, but it's very frustrating to have to take your dirty dishes out of the dishwasher to clean in the sink because it won't do what it's supposed to do. And, the water in the dishwasher sits in there until I scoop it out. The filter has been cleaned, so that's not the culprit. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:41:16	No Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	No		false
59257034	Wow!  I did a lot of research and review checking before deciding on this appliance.  I have a very small kitchen and no counter space, so I have it in my laundry room.  I just use a tray to transport my items from the kitchen and back.  This appliance is remarkable.  Dishes, glassware, utensils, pots and pans all come out squeaky clean.  The unit is quiet.  It uses little water, so I know I'm saving not only cost but conservation as well.  It was easy to set up, no leaks and it has performed above my expectations.  Packed well in it's own box and then packed in an outer box.  There was no damage to the boxes and no damage to the unit.  As an Amazon Prime customer, and an Amazon Chase Rewards Credit Card user, I got this item by using only my rewards points (no cost to me) and it was shipped free to my door.  It can't get any better than that!  Now I am truly spoiled and my kitchen counter is always cleared of dishes! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:41:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32714709	I don't know where to start.  I'm currenly renting a house that comes with one of these dishwashers.  Just about every design decision and feature is just plain wrong and screwed up on this dishwasher.  The top level is lowered to allow for plates on the top level, something you don't see very often.  The fatal flaw with this is that you can't fit normal sized plates on either the top level or the bottom level.  The rotating sprayers collide with the plates.  The result is that the sprayers can't rotate unless you have undersized lunch plates in it.  The cutlery tray, instead of being inside the door, which is the best place to have them, it's in a removable tray that fits into the bottom level.  Problem is the same as with the plates, any normal knives stick out too high that they interfere with the rotating sprayer.  The layout and how you place the plates and cups also don't make sense.  Nothing has its natural place.  Everything is kind of wonky and misplaced, everything sits in each other's way.I've had an older Whirlpool before, and this one just doesn't compare.I recommend you stay away from this fatally flawed design, it really is the worst I've ever seen.  Out of a 10 I'd have to really give it a 2.  Seriously, I'm not exaggerating, it really very much is that stupidly designed. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:41:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
23862686	Like others, we had issues with no power light after using the dishwasher.  Sometimes it would work properly for a couple of days and on other days it would not power up each day.  Resetting the circuit breaker always fixed the problem.After activating the warranty online and getting an extra 3 months, I requested a service call online.  I described the problem and received an  immediate confirmation.  The service man came out three days later.  He knew exactly what the problem was and brought the part with him based on my description of issue.  He replaced a part and it has been working perfectly since then.The dishwasher is almost silent and cleans dishes, pots, and pans perfectly.  It looks great and we love it.We are very happy with the appliance and the prompt service we got to correct the issue. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:41:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component defect	false
71658277	This dishwasher, tho small, is super.  It washes well...even cooked on cheese is removed.  It is quiet.  It was easy to install.  It is small but there are only two of us and it holds all but our large fry pan. We run it every day. I purchased this as a new install after being without a dishwasher for 10 years.  I'm glad to free up my two legged dishwasher (my husband) for this great product.  I was advised that Frigidare is the best. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:41:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41519863	The first dishwasher that came was banged up and damaged even though the box had no signs of impact. It was easy enough to return it through Amazon and the new one came within a week. Works like a charm! Very quiet and it cleans well, even dishes left sitting for a few days. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:42:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78942820	I just bought a house with this dishwasher installed. It is quite but will not wash dishes properly as others have said.  It will not dry dishes well either.  I suppose this makes it just a rinsing machine. I knew it was expensive and was trying to determine if it needed a repair or be replaced.  After finding reviews here I was determined to replace it.  A couple of weeks later it made a loud sound while washing then I smelled hot electronics then the unit died. The previous owner said the machine was only 3 years old. I replaced it with a whirlpool gold dishwasher and have clean dishes finally and for half the price. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:42:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	machine smelled smoky	false
50255805	Seemed like such a good idea.  Two drawers would be so useful for storing and washing alternately between the 2 drawers.  But that only applies if it worked.  The unit leaks, does not clean properly at all nearly all the time and is very noisy.  It has even broken some of my dishes with it's rough treatment inside.  In practice using it I've found that dishes need lots of room around them for circulation which somewhat defeats the idea of the 2 small drawers.  I just never thought that through when deciding to purchase.  A larger single door unit is sometimes not enough for large family meal dishes.  So I'd recommend the single door models over this based on that criteria alone.  The real killer is the cost to operate.  It ran my electric bill so high during the short time I had it that it was necessary to limit it's use.  At least that's what I thought.  Seems it has some sort of short inside somewhere that causes the electric to flow all the time.  Only disconnecting it solved the high electric bills.  And that usage of electric is downright dangerous in my mind.  Even if it isn't the lack of peace of mind is not worth it.  Sleeping at night with this thing in the same house was the source of many a nightmare.  If you want a good dishwasher almost any single door conventional designed dishwasher is the way to go and much less expensive to own and operate.  I replaced this monster for around $200 and now have a dishwasher I can use and count on.  It isn't fancy, but it cleans dishes unlike the FP dud.  If you have to have two compartments for wsshing dishes better to get 2 separate dishwashers for about 1/3 the cost of one of these things. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:42:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74191223	I bought this dishwasher 2 or 3 years ago. I wanted to give it a zero rating, but this is not possible. I suppose it can get a one star rating, it still beats hand washing, most times. We bought this dishwasher brand new from a chain store that sells all the brands. We had traditionally bought our appliances from a local appliance dealer. This dishwasher was to replace the 10 year old Maytag that had endured the abuse of my children. They had abused the Maytag until it's final cry for mercy. During the six months of having them wash the dishes by hand I had done research on what would be the best, rugged, teen proof, bring it!, dishwasher I could find. This was a relatively new model and the reviews on it at the time were great. There seemed to be a lot of room to place a large family amount of dishes in. It was supposed to clean even the toughest (plate missing for six months found under child's bed would make a good science project)dishes. I loved the idea that the upper rack had a height adjustment. I have a huge stock pot that wouldn't fit in the previous dishwasher. It fit in this one. I loved the idea that you could put a pot in the middle of the bottom rack and not worry about the upper rack's dishes getting clean. It was a great dishwasher on paper and in the showroom. My husband and I spent more money on this dishwasher than we had expected but we figured it should last and that over the years the cost would depreciate. Boy, were we wrong. It does not do a great job of washing the dishes. You cannot utilize every prong set so that all the plates can get washed at once. You have to use every other prong set. Sometimes the top rack comes out with food particles that were on the dishes in the bottom rack. The only cycle that does a decent job is the power wash cycle and even this cycle doesn't do the job I spent $1000 to do. I rinse most of my dishes before placing them in the dishwasher, except for things like coffee cups. So, I know it isn't me. Within the first six months the fan on the door went. Luckily, it was still under warrantee. It was very quiet machine, until lately. For the past couple of months, at the end of the cycle, before the cute chime melody, there's a 30 second loud, grinding sound. If I don't hear it at the end of the cycle, I will hear it at the beginning of the next cycle. Today, the dishwasher didn't drain. There is no drain button. After cleaning up the flood in my kitchen, I Googled and found out how to drain the dishwasher. It's in the FAQ on the LG site. I drained the dishwasher. After this review, today's quest will be to find the receipt and warrantee info.The lessons I learned from buying this dishwasher: Cost doesn't always equate to quality. Buy your appliances from a local, reputable dealer. They know their products and won't try to sell you the most expensive product unless that's what you're looking for. The $10-20 more it would cost is well worth it in service and repair. especially service. Don't buy new models with very little reviews. Read the reviews, Start with the negatives. Disregard the one star I wanted pink and it only came in white reviews. Pay attention to the reviews that tell you not to waste your money.I know this is long. Thank you for your patience in reading this  :) 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:42:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
29847190	I lived in apartments since college. Aside from hard wood floors, AC or a sleeve to BYO, a dishwasher in my mind is the single most important amenity you can have. My current apartment doesn't have one so i bought one from AJ Madison and it was one of the smartest purchases i have made. This unit takes the cake, no prerinse required and uses very little water and my china always comes out sparkling. Very well made: stainless steel tub, easy to connect faucet adapter that doesnt leak. Cleans better than the $2000 Bosch unit at my mom's house. As an added bonus its on casters so it can roll away when you dont need it and the countertop is great to store your dish gel and rinse aid (I use finish, BTW). 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:42:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56058303	I was very tired of washing dishes by hand since my little old house did not have one.This was the best thing that I have done for me and the dishes!It cleans the dishes wonderful, better than handwashing them. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:48:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50437989	holds a lot but it's a monster especially when you get it inside a camper.  even a big camper.  too big for us 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:48:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	thought it was too big	false
25559423	My girlfriend and I have been living in what we believe to be the 'perfect apartment' for this time in our lives; except, this apartment does not have a dishwasher. My girlfriend is usually stuck doing a sink load of dishes every night for at least 45 minutes, as I work full-time as a freelance graphic artist, and she is a full-time student with a part-time job along with a tutoring job. Needless to say, we are extremely busy, and at the end of the day the last thing we wanted to look at was a pile of crusty, dirty dishes that needed scrubbing.I decided to give in and buy this dishwasher. The price is great and this purchase is worth it (if you consider how much time is spent doing dishes each week and how much I earn per hour at my job, this thing pays for itself within 3 days). My girlfriend was ecstatic to learn that I'd bought us a dishwasher and we spent 2 days laying in anxious wait.I received this dishwasher in the mail on Friday, September 20, 2013. The item was packaged very well! We pulled it out and set it up on the counter. My girlfriend read the whole manual and did the installation. Here were the installation steps;1. Screwing in the two hoses to the back of the appliance2. Screwing in the adapter to the faucet3. Snapping on the hose to the faucet adapter4. Plugging the appliance in to an electrical outletAll in all, the installation was simple. Then, we loaded up the dishwasher. We fit 6 mugs, 10 utensils, 2 small dinner plates, a 4-cup glass measuring cup, two cereal bowls, and one small metal mixing bowl. We dropped a Finish tablet into the liquid despenser, snapped it closed and closed up the door to the machine. Then, we hit #34;power#34;, selected the #34;normal#34; wash cycle, and hit #34;start#34;. The appliance started running and we watched it closely for leaks. There were none! BUT * be careful to watch for leaks at the FAUCET where the hoses are snapped up to the adapter. If the metal adapter isn't screwed in tightly enough (but not TOO tight) there might be leaks from the faucet.Anyway, 85 minutes later (the manual explains how much time it takes for each cycle to run through) the machine beeped 8 nice loud beeps. First, we shut off the water supply, hit the red pressurizing button on the hose, disconnected the hose from the faucet and unplugged the washer. We opened up the washer and everything looked sparkling clean! Unfortunately, the mugs weren't totally dry (water welled up in the bottoms of the mugs, like what happens in most dishwashers) but we just wiped them down with a tea towel and started to unload. Everything was cleaned immaculately. We left the washer door tilted open a bit to make sure the inside of the washer could air out a bit (manual advises this to avoid mildew).All in all, we have done 3 washes and every wash has turned out beautifully. It literally takes 5 seconds to hook up every time you want to do a load. We LOVE this product and haven't had a problem at all. It is a life-saver and certainly a time-saver. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:48:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37933767	I love this countertop dishwasher. It saves me a lot of cabinet space since I didn't have to remove or remodel parts of my kitchen to get it. Just set it up there near your sink and attach the hose to your faucet when you are about to run a load. It does take a lot longer i think than traditional  washers (it has 5 wash settings running from 45 minutes for light cleaning without drying to 112 minutes for heavily soiled dishes) but it gives me more confidence that even though it is small it is getting the job done. It also can hold a surprising amount of dishes once you get your tetris skills working! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:48:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44003939	Overall I love this dishwasher.The dishwasher was packaged well, no damage in shipping.The dishwasher comes with a flexible water inlet pipe, a drain pipe, and a electrical box,self installation is very easy.The dishes comes out very clean.it runs very quiet, you cannot hear it is running.Lcd display tells you it is running, remaining time, clean etcuses less water and detergent than my prev machine.looks very modern.third rack definitely adds more loading space.The drying needs getting used to, needs rinse aid, do not open right after cycle complete, wait about 20 min, dishes will be dry. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:48:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87041815	I have only had this dishwasher a few months but it does not seem to be cleaning my dishes!  I have to almost wash them completely for them to come out looking clean. Guess I'll be on the look out for the other failures after reading these reviews. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:53:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
21330010	We purchased this KitchenAid to replace a disappointing new Miele G2143 dishwasher that (despite the hype) cleaned terribly, didn't fit dishes well, and wasn't especially quiet. This Kitchenaid, however, is just fantastic in every respect. Every dish and utensil comes out clean, with rare exception. And it is super quiet. At times it makes a soft, swishing noise, but other times you simply cannot hear it at all. The capacity is also great: we can fit an entire day's worth of dishes no problem. It also has more silverware space than any other dishwasher we've owned, including a bottom-rack utensil holder plus a complete third rack exclusively for utensils.  Somebody really did their homework when designing this dishwasher. We've owned it for only a month, so no data on repairs/reliability yet.UPDATE Feb 2011: This dishwasher still rocks after 5 months. Love it, love it, love it.UPDATE Oct 2011: The third rack started sticking and not rolling out properly. The culprit was a tiny $2.00 part (a track stop) that Kitchenaid replaced under warranty. It was easy. We still LOVE the dishwasher and it's still cleaning great.UPDATE Mar 2013: The stainless steel finish on the outer door is starting to get pinpoints of rust. This is not covered under the limited lifetime warranty on the stainless steel... it's considered cosmetic damage and is covered for only 30 days. I am dropping this review from 5 stars to 3 for this idiocy. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:53:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64370462	We love the Miele Dimension Plus G5705SC that we bought through a local dealer in January 2013.  I can't speak to the changes mentioned in the previous review, but our Miele fits all our dishes and washes them magnificently.  And we love the door popping open after drying is done--I don't know any other dishwasher that can do that.  But I suggest not trying to get an extended warranty.  I bought a Miele extended warranty through our dealer when we bought the dishwasher, and two months later the dealer gave me a full refund of the warranty.  Why?  Miele customer service insisted the warranty was not valid, and Miele would not work with me or the dealer to correct this.  Perhaps the dealer was at fault; I don't know.  But Miele never responded to my e-mails, and they were dismissive of me when I called.  When I sent them a customer review for their website just like this one, they did not post the review and did not respond to me personally.  I hate to imagine their response to an actual warranty claim.  I guess this just confirms that extended warranties are not worth getting no matter how wonderful and expensive the product. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:53:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19895201	Others reviewers warned about how unhelpful the manual is, but even after reading those before buying I was still surprised by the lack of information and the counter-intuitive presentation. I got the machine to run once through, but now it's stopping shortly after starting, with prolonged beeping and light flashing that I don't know how to interpret even after reading the manual and surfing the web. I'll amend this review if I get it working, but I can't imagine recommending this product - it's not worth the hassle! 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:53:46	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37923886	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher has been a constant disappointment. We spent about $500 for repairs to things documented as known problems online, and have only kept it because I learned to fix it myself and it hasn't fully died, though it doesn't clean dishes well, and regularly malfunctions by getting clogged with minor debris and the door popping open during cycle.Warranty is short, customer service lacking, and products shoddy. Will not buy a Kitchenaid again. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:53:46	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
21060887	I join the other reviews in stating that I just LOOOOOVE this dishwasher! It is so cleverly, space-conscientiously designed!  I love how you can so easily lower or raise the upper rack, or fold down unneeded supports.  And how much you can pack in there! Other reviewers have commented on how long it takes to wash(2 hours) but I use the speedy cycle with 1 All-in-One tablet in the little hanging basket.  It takes just a little over an hour which is much shorter than full-sized dishwashers.  The dishes come out sparkingly even without pre-rinsing - I tested it by leaving encrusted egg yolk purposely on the dish!  The speedy cycle doesn't dry as well as the other cycles, but I'd prefer to conserve the energy costs of a long dry cycle, so it suits me. I just crack the door a little after it is done, and 90% of the dishes are dry.Another bonus is the fact that this is exactly at counter height, and gives an added bonus of much needed counterspace. It is attractive, and blends in with the other countertops.I really can't think of a single negative thing to say about it.  What a boon to small kitchen cooks! 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:55:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83026841	Numerous issues with product from the get go. Within a few weeks of having the dishwasher, this sticky residue started appearing on front panel and will not come off. I assume from the plastic under the panel that the technician installing failed to remove. KitchenAid again failed to fix because it was cosmetic and not covered under warranty. A month later, the insulation melted out. A little over a year later, the soap dispenser stopped opening during the wash cycle. So none of my dishes got cleaned unless I opened the dispenser mid-cycle. The motor for the dispenser is made of plastic and melted out. The technician said he's seen this numerous times and that KitchenAid failed to recall it. KitchenAid refused to backup the product because it was over a year and out of warranty. Paid $205 to replace and ONE DAY after being fixed, it melted through again! Defective product. Poor quality and customer service. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:55:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
36418324	I bought this from Bestbuy in 2010, for 600$.  I wish I said yes to there extended 5 year warranty for 99 dollars. What a value that would have been. First the lettering all rubbed off on control panel#60;warranty covered#62; Second the lower rack was twisted and would not go in properly. So I called Samsung and they said i was over loading rack, I stated that I am loading lower rack just like the way the manual pictures, after much arguing I said it does not roll at all with any dishes in it, #60;warranty again#62; 2 year it started making a horrible grinding sound, like an air raid siren. It was so horrible that we never ran dishwasher if we had company and set it to run at 3 in the morning  when we were all sleeping.. 150$ to fix, Then is started getting error 5e low water inside  , did some research online and fixed it myself saving 150$. Now I am getting 4e error, water supply problem , check psi and or water valve is closed under sink. Well its the flow meter not made to specs , so 50$ for the part  and my labor. So this thing has cost me almost 1000$ in 4 years, boy does Samsung know how to make money. They probably copied another manufactures dishwasher like they did with apple phones but just couldn't get it right. SO STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG OR MAKE SURE YOU GET THE LONGEST EXTENDED WARRANTY. would give it -5 star 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:55:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48528480	Sadly, I have this product in black.Our previous Maytag dishwasher lasted 10 years.  It worked great!  The handle broke after about 8 years, but it continued to work for our family of 5 fabulously.  The pump eventually stopped working and so we found the most comparable model...the MDB8959SBB.  We waited 6 weeks for its arrival.  Within a week or so of its professional installation, it started leaking at one of the hinges.  After multiple phone calls, and 2 service technicians (one of which basically called us liars) and about 4 months, the dishwasher was replaced...with the same model.  Within a couple of weeks, the replacement started leaking...in the exact same area.  After many more phone calls, we've been told it is Maytag's policy to only service/fix and IF they determine it cannot be fixed, it can only be replaced by the exact same model.  We now have damage to our countertop (yes, the steam that causes the control panel to eventually stop working will DESTROY your countertops, unless they're solid surface) and possible damage to the flooring under the unit.  We're still waiting for Maytag to do the right thing and replace this lemon model with something else. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:55:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19525050	We purchase our bosch because of the good reviews from several sites.  Our machine is less than two years old and it is only my wife and I that use it... we are retired and travel so usage has been minimal... After exactly one year and a few days the pump went out... then we had trouble with the computer screen, Next it would not drain again and another pump was put in ...(with bosch represenatives)  he spent a whole ten minutes and left without checking to make sure it fixed to problem... It did not and we have water in the bottom of the machine..we have contacted our own appliance rep who believes the computer board is shot.  We also have had the racks replaced because of rusting... all in less than 18 months.  We called bosch about it being a lemon...no help..just a bunch of lip service ...this machine is a mess... we are ordering a new american made machine and dumping our loss... never, never again bosch... you screw me once never again 	ctress10	10-20-2015 15:55:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81295903	16 months ago I bought a Samsung dishwasher. Now the dishwasher does not work. Both companies have refused to repair or replace the dishwasher. When it did work, the quick mode run time is 1 hour and 20 min. Normal mode cycle run time 5 hrs. The Heavy run time is forever and still the dishes are dirty. So wash dishes by hand then put in dishwasher. Dishes will not dry unless you open the door after it finishes the run. I sincerely hope this helps someone from wasting their money! As for me I will NEVER buy anything from Samsung again. Too bad one can't rate less than 1. The Samsung dishwasher is JUNK. Repair cost $476.00. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:58:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38029551	We bought this from HH Greg as well.  It's just short of three years old and we've had to replace the upper carriage wheels, had the repairman out twice, and now, as the motor has just died, are looking for a replacement.  The repairman explained to us that it will cost at least $375 to replace the motor.We're looking for a replacement dishwasher.When it works, it works well.  Takes a long time to cycle, a note, not a complaint. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:58:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24099725	I hate to do dishes and I live in a small apartment.  I bought this dishwasher over four years ago and it is still going strong.  It was very easy to set up, I had no problems at all.  I've never had one problem with it and I often use it several times a day.  I even wash my pots and pans in this sweet little thing.  I find the dishwasher detergent packs are very convenient.  You do have to clean out the strainer each time.  Just a few minor complaints...it doesn't fit under my cabinets, and the dry cycle is useless.Here is my advice:  When it is on the dry cycle, turn it off and open the door.  The dished come out hot and sterilized, and will dry in a few minutes.  Also, don't leave the water turned on once the washer is done, there can be a preasure build up and the connection can dislodge (no emergency, but if you are not home your water will be running).No need to turn the water on full blast, you can use just a trickle if you want, it will just take more time to fill up.  No need to use hot water either, it has its own heating element.Over all, it has been a blessing to have this machine to do the dirty work. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:58:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58809744	After living in tiny apartments in Hawaii for 5 years while I was a bachelor in the Navy, and having to hand wash all my dishes, I moved into a small house that didn't have a dishwasher and I said #34;No more!#34;.  If you have a habit of eating out because of the inconvenience of having to hand wash all your dishes, like any dishwasher, this will rather quickly wind up paying for itself several times over - granted, that could be said of any dishwasher. So, specifically about this one:One of the things a lot of people criticize in the reviews here is that the shortest setting is 10 minutes for a freshwater rinse, or for a regular wash cycle you can use the 45 minute cycle - many seem to complain that there isn't a mid-length cycle in between these.  Well, it's true that some dishwashers have one, but generally speaking, most don't and take somewhere between 30-60 minutes to wash a load.  I think there is a tendency to think that because the unit is compact and does smaller loads, that it might inherently do them faster - I understand where this presumption comes from, but if you think about it, that really doesn't make sense and it's actually normal and acceptable that the unit takes just as long as any other basic model dishwasher for a full and proper wash cycle.  I'm not trying to criticize people for wanting a shorter cycle, I'm just saying, for those of you considering buying a mini-dish washer, it would be wise to adjust your expectations accordingly - they're generally smaller, but that doesn't mean faster.It does internally heat the water which really helps dissolve the soap and wash away greasy dishes.  I haven't actually used the longer wash cycles (70 minutes, and 1hr 45 minutes I think?) because I always just soak my pots and pans in the sink anyway - but normal dishes as clean as could be on the shorter, 45 minute wash cycle.  I just give things a quick rinse before I put them in there, but I don't pre soak normal dishes or anything, and they always come out perfect, peanut butter, pasta sauce, wine, tea, coffee - everything comes out sparkling.  I even use only half the detergent recommended, Costco dish-washing powder, (it's my habit to minimize, reduce, and conserve), but everything always comes out great anyway.  I have high mineral well-water, so doing a load daily, I add a half cup of white vinegar to the start of a cycle once a week to keep the nice steel interior clean and looking new.The clearance between the wash arm at the bottom and the rack is a little smaller than full sized dishwashers, I've found it wise to bump it with my finger to make sure it doesn't strike any dishes sticking down below the rack before I start it up to wash a load - just as one might with any other dishwasher.The good:-Not noisy, operates and a comfortable 'medium-quiet' volume.  i.e. it's not near-silent like a $2000 stainless steel European dishwasher, but it also doesn't roar disruptively.  I'm in college and study in the room next to the open kitchen while it's running, so if that's any indicator?-It's stainless steel inside, which I thought was a nice touch of quality, especially for an affordable, compact model.-It's smaller and does smaller loads (which is the purpose, right?) but all around, I don't find that one has to sacrifice anything for the convenience of having this compact model.  Same sound, same wash, same soap, smaller size - that's it.The bad:My only #34;complaint#34; is that if you disconnect the hose while it's washing in order to use your kitchen faucet for something real quick, and then reconnect it and forget to turn the water back on, the dishwasher will beep and show an #34;E1#34; error on the display when it tries to do it's next rinse, but it won't resume washing if you hear the beep and then turn the water on - rather, you'll get the beep, the #34;E1#34; error message (which means no water pressure), and then have to reset the 45 minute wash cycle back to the beginning and start over.  This is being very nit-picky, and I'm not really trying to make a complaint out of it, as generally, I start it before I go to bed so I've only caused this interruption twice and it really didn't inconvenience me when it happened anyway.  I'm really not actually mentioning it to #34;complain#34; about it, but it seemed relevant to mention for you all to set your expectations accordingly, since that's what reviews of good products are really for (my opinion).  With that, I am content to give it 5 stars and think that overall, you'll enjoy and appreciate this thing - I've genuinely been very happy with it across the board.I hope this helps. :) 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:58:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86737872	SAMSUNG MAKES THE MOST CRAPPIEST APPLIANCES. WE BOUGHT THE FRIDGE AND THIS DISHWASHER FROM SEARS OUTLET. THE FRIDGE GOT BUSTED IN 3 DAYS AND THE DISHWASHER GOT BUSTED AFTER 2 MONTHS. WE BOUGHT SEARS PROTECTION. THE TECHNICIAN HAS REPLACED OVER 900 DOLLARS WORTH OF PARTS AND ITS STILL NOT WORKING. PLEASE LEARN FROM MY EXPERIENCE. STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG APPLIANCES.I LEFT A NEGATIVE REVIEW ON SAMSUNG WEBSITE AND THEY TOOK IT OFF BY SAYING THAT THEY DO NOT ALLOW NEGATIVE REVIEW ON THEIR SITE. 	meg13	10-20-2015 15:58:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Described that the dishwasher busted but didn't say how	false
87017407	(First let me say I LOVE the Amazon review process!) We bought this dishwasher 4 years ago. The basket design is awful. I had to remove one of the baskets and still the slots are all slanted, so the glasses want to fall down. The bowls don't fit at all and there is not enough room between each plate because the slots are too close together. We have to hand wash most of our bowls and glasses. I really miss the nice square layout of the inside of our old dishwasher. Fisher Paykel should redesign the baskets and do a recall on th existing ones. That would help a lot. I have to say though that they have been very helpful with a repair we needed - sent us new motors for free. They are very reputable, just a bad basket. I love the outside and so do all of our visitors. I love that you can wash just one of the drawers. Come on Fisher Paykel, make my day! 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:07:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	basket isn't designed well	false
78679760	We purchased a Bosch dishwasher about 5 years ago. Since then, the electrical panel has had to be changed and now we have to replace the motor ($150). The electrical panel fell under the warranty, but we now have to pay for a new motor on this already expensive dishwasher. I called Bosch's customer service several times and they were very firm in not helping to pay for a new motor. There was no consideration for the previous issues with our unit. Very disappointed. I completely understand that machines malfunction and sometimes you get a lemon....but when the company does not stand behind the product, you have to question the quality. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:07:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
68128740	A little slow in delivery but Amazon really made it right, unit was easy to unpack and install. Worked well from beginning. Used liquid soap and spot rinse. Everything came out really clean and clear. I highly recommend this product just as I hoped. Long term is still jury out but so far great. I did all the research highly pleased. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:07:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31898964	so we moved into an older house and used the dishwasher that was here for almost 2 years. It recently died so after much research, we decided on this dishwasher to replace it.Pros:I am very happy with this machine!  It holds so many dishes.  We (family of four) used to run the dishwasher at least once a day, sometimes twice.  with this dishwasher, i run it only about every other day, because i don't get it full by the end of the day since it holds so much more. (could be considered a con i guess, since we sometimes run out of clean dishes before this runs.  but i am more of a half-full kind of girl)I am also very happy with the level of cleaning.  we have used the pro-scrub for very caked on/baked on thanksgiving leftovers in big casserole dishes and they were spotless after the cycle.  Normally without heavily soiled pots or pans we will just use the normal wash and it does a great job.i also love the 4 hour delay, as this was something i used to have but didn't after we moved and i missed that feature and am glad to have it back.i feel like it is very quiet.  i have read people complaining about the noise but really, i am not trying to have a whisper-conversation sitting on the floor in front of the machine, and doubt it would impede me even if i was.  we have an open floor plan with the living room right next to the kitchen and sitting in the living room, it is not noisy in the slightest.I love the movable (fold-downable?) racks and i truly love the adjustable top rack.  all of these are great features that we use and appreciate.Now for cons:a little spendy, we got it for $900 at a local furniture storesilverware tray is way better than my last one so i am mostly happy with it, but the inserts they have - they are a good idea but too flimsy.  they are removable which is good, but too floppy for anyone with less than Ghandi-like patiencethis is a weird thing and our one real complaint: water hammer.  as i said, we moved into an older house.  so you can always hear the pipes.  they click when the water is heating up, they jump when you turn off the water suddenly.  So with this unit, at the beginning of the cycle it will start/stop rapidly several times.  that is a little weird anyway, i think.  but in this house it is extra pronounced because it makes the pipes jump every time.  my husband is thinking he will have to do something about it so it doesn't damage the old pipes.  in a newer house, i'm guessing this wouldn't be much of an issue.All in all, very pleased and would buy this dishwasher again 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:07:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	old pipes in house cause the washer to start weird	false
56219921	We had a dishwasher that was builder grade.  It was loud, but it cleaned our dishes.  We bought this dishwasher because we wanted a quiet, high quality dishwasher.  Well, it is quiet, but it does not clean the dishes!!We called the store that we purchased the dishwasher from after 1 week, but they would not do anything for us.  They told us we had to call Maytag for any assistance.Maytag's suggestions were:* Run the hot water in the sink before we run the dishwasher to make sure that the water entering the dishwasher is hot enough to clean the dishes* Use more dish washing detergent* Completely rinse our dishes before we put them in the dishwasher (even though this dishwasher's description says, There's no need to rinse off dried-on food thanks to the ToughScrub option and a powerful 4-blade stainless steel chopper.)* Make sure we load the dishwasher properly.So, for me, this means that I am stuck with a useless dishwasher for the next few years that cost way too much for me to have to go through all these steps for clean dishes! 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:07:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
57032166	The Bosch SHE68M0 lives up to its reputation as just about the quietest energy efficient machine out there. Its stainless steel exterior is sleekly attractive and the s/s interior makes it durable. We are avid cooks who entertain a lot. But after over a year of ownership, I am disappointed with this machine's shoddy racks, which do not slide into place smoothly; the components often come apart and the rack wheels sometimes fall off. The smaller capacity of the machine makes for overcrowding the loading areas, resulting in a less thorough wash. The rinser dispenser's instructions are confusing. The itsy-bitsy lettering on the controls almost require a magnifying glass to read. Also, one cannot change settings easily using the control buttons. Disregard Bosch's claim that one need not rinse before loading. Doing so merely leaves a bigger mess behind at the filter, which then can also become clogged at the drain exit -- despite regular cleaning of the filter by hand. When this happens, you must remove the filter and unclog the drain by hand.Finally, I am disappointed in the cleaning ability: tea- and coffee-stained cups do not get thoroughly cleaned. Also, food often remains stuck on washed items. I used Bosch's recommended detergent -- Electrosol -- which underperformed all the other soaps I have tried; I now use Cascade, but the stains still do not get removed, unlike with my old Kenmore.This machine is adequate, it does the basic job, and very quietly. But its shoddy plastic interior parts and other flaws do not warrant the $1100 I paid for it. I will stick to Kenmore in the future. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:26:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63142536	So, my wife and I both work at least two jobs each, and we are both full-time college students, so time is something that we don't have a lot of.  We work so much that it can really be hard to find time to wash dishes, especially if it has been a few days, but this dishwasher has helped save us hours of time!  It really is a great investment and I would do it again.  It cleans very well, so long as everything is stacked in the washer well.  Of course, you are very limited on space, so I wouldn't recommend this for more than two people, and three would be pushing it.  The only problem we seem to have with our dishwasher is the hose.  After we have ran the dishes through a full cycle and are ready to put the dishwasher away, the hose likes to leak water all over our floor, which we are not thrilled about, so we just got a little mop bucket to catch any excess water.  Other than that, the SPT dishwasher works great! 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:26:15	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
32499079	I was hesitant to buy a cheap,  small dishwasher. This thing is great,  so far no issues and it cleans very well. Always comes out clean I'd you load it right 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:26:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55447937	We bought this dishwasher about five months ago. It worked flawlessly until about a month ago when it overflowed and we had a little flood. The repair person said the drain plugged because of excess food scraps. There are two screens debris has to get by before it reaches the drain pump so it is beyond me how it could plug up. Since then I've been watching for buildup. Nothing to speak of and it plugged up again yesterday.My old dishwasher of many years was a trooper. It may have been noisier and maybe didn't clean as well but it never overflowed and it never plugged up. I asked Bosch customer service if there were any updates, recalls or service bulletins to be aware of for this product and she said no. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:26:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
65317944	Purchased March '11, Had to replace digital contol panel (moisture) Sept '11. Contacted Kitchenaid, 1st person apologetic till mentioned possibility of design flaw, next person didn't think that possible. Sept '12 waiting on repairman to replace control panel again (moisture). Definite design flaw if circuit board can not be kept dry on a dishwasher. Will repair this time, then not buy another Kitchenaid product. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:26:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	circuit board gets wet during cycle	false
48528480	Sadly, I have this product in black.Our previous Maytag dishwasher lasted 10 years.  It worked great!  The handle broke after about 8 years, but it continued to work for our family of 5 fabulously.  The pump eventually stopped working and so we found the most comparable model...the MDB8959SBB.  We waited 6 weeks for its arrival.  Within a week or so of its professional installation, it started leaking at one of the hinges.  After multiple phone calls, and 2 service technicians (one of which basically called us liars) and about 4 months, the dishwasher was replaced...with the same model.  Within a couple of weeks, the replacement started leaking...in the exact same area.  After many more phone calls, we've been told it is Maytag's policy to only service/fix and IF they determine it cannot be fixed, it can only be replaced by the exact same model.  We now have damage to our countertop (yes, the steam that causes the control panel to eventually stop working will DESTROY your countertops, unless they're solid surface) and possible damage to the flooring under the unit.  We're still waiting for Maytag to do the right thing and replace this lemon model with something else. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:30:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
22545141	The drain hose that comes with the unit, is a two ply hose that eventually separates and intermittantly blocks the drain hose. It will look fine from the outside, but will be 90% blocked on the inside. Otherwise, the unit seems to work quite well. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:30:03	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	no resulting issues but notes a defect with the drain hose being blocked inside	false
57171067	I bought this dish washer when I moved in with my boyfriend about 2 years ago, and it worked fantastically for quite a while and I was really impressed and suggested it to many of my friends, however lately we have been smelling a burning smell coming from it, we thought maybe it was due to a clog and tried the tips suggested online and it seemed to be coming from where the motor was.  We took off the lid and can't see any reason for the smell, but it smells like burning wires or melting plastic.  I think the smell is coming from the motor.  I won't use it anymore because it's not worth the possible fire it is going to start.  It's a good washer, however I wouldn't say its durable... seeing as it only lasted 2 years.  I gave it 2 stars for 2 years :S 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:30:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
39336712	The rack in this dishwasher seems to have been designed for planar dishes.  And lots of them.  If your dishes are totally flat, it's designed to wash complete settings for 12 people!However, any dish with any depth to it will NOT stand up in the narrow pin spacing of this rack.  Anywhere.  It is impossible to load more than three dishes in the ENTIRE dishwasher without them tipping over and crashing into each other.  And then you can't load anything else.AND, the upper rack will not allow you to load any glass (particularly wine glasses) taller than 7 inches.So, if you run a prison cafeteria with flat metal plates and short cups, this might be the dishwasher for you.  If not, look elsewhere. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:30:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	not enough room for dishes	false
62857986	I bought this dishwasher based primarily on good experiences with Bosch woodworking tools but it has been disappointing.  There are good qualities:  It is quiet.  The cup shelf securely holds cups and wine glasses in place as does the glasses shelf.  There is more than enough room for plates in the bottom rack.On the other hand, the top rack is poorly designed to hold enough drinking glasses, cereal bowls and other common small items. The bottom rack is designed to hold more than the average washing of saucers with narrowly spaced supports which usually results in wasted space.  When using the silverware baskets you can use the individual supports for knives, etc. or not.  It's all or nothing.  It would be better to have the supports in each basket able to be used half for individual items and half for bulk.This dishwasher does not adequately dry the dishes after they are washed. Count on drying the tops of glasses and other items with a dishtowel every time unless you leave them in the machine overnight.If you want to add items during a dishwasher cycle you must turn off the machine and wait a little bit before opening the door.  Otherwise hot water is sprayed out onto the floor.The dishwasher door is difficult to open.  This may seem like a small thing but I find myself leaving the sink and counters lined with dirty dishes because I don't want to deal with that door.I wish I had my money and my old Maytag back. 	meg13	10-20-2015 16:30:03	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
72164962	This dishwasher is quiet, doesn't melt plastic items, even on the bottom shelf, washes dishes extremely well, and is built to a strict European efficiency standard, resulting in amazingly little water and electricity being used, but this has 2 major drawbacks that force you to organize your life around your dishwasher.1.)  It takes roughly THREE HOURS to run through one load of dishes, and that is shortest wash cycle.  If you finish dinner at 6:30pm, and immediately put the dishes in the machine, you'll just be putting them away at 9:30pm.  If you have more dishes than will fit in the machine, you'll still be up at midnight doing dishes in your super efficient Bosch dishwasher.2.)  There's no heating element to dry the dishes, and the machine doesn't vent the steam to the outside.  The Bosch works by heating only the water, then using the heat that collected in the machine's interior to #34;steam sanitize#34; the dishes.  This is actually a nice feature, as the heat is even, and appears to be gentle with delicate items, but the lack of a vent of any kind means the steam stays in the machine and collects on the top of your glasses and dishes unless you remember to open the door and let the steam out. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72796438	After reading ALL of the reviews for this machine- I was confused. People either LOVE it or HATE it. I decided to give it a try. I will admit... setting it up was a nightmare. I was about to return it, when I remembered one of the reviews I read that described how to set the machine up. Forget about the instructions.. .and dont even bother calling customer service- they just read the manual aloud (which is completely useless). A few pointers- You need to unscrew your sink, I didnt think that mine did.. but it did!  Make sure the machine is higher than your sink in order for it to drain properly. While this machine says compact.. it is quite large. I had to buy a separate cart to hold it. Also... this may sound crazy- but you need to have the water running. While this is common sense for some... it was not written ANYWHERE in the manual- and the customer service people were unable to tell me about this. Seriously... once it got up and running- it has been a great help. I have a clean sink, clean dishes, and it even makes me want to cook more. If you are having trouble setting it up- stick with it... it will eventually work- and ready some of the reviews- most people have great advice. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78331154	Whisper quiet, sparkling dishes, VERY energy efficient--what else could you want?(As a cynical geezer, I usually equate energy efficient with crappy performance, just as diet, low calorie, low fat and organic are just empty words to convince naive buyers to pay more for lower quality foods.  But that doesn't apply in this case.  The Bosch is both energy efficient and works very well).HOW WELL DOES IT WORK?&gt; Can it clean fine china and crystal without damage?  Absolutely.&gt; Even though I usually load the Bosch to it's maximum capacity, I use the normal cycle, without sanitize (hotter water), with the normal Powertabs (not the super detergent tablets), and without a rinse agent---the next-to-lightest wash combination available, and my dishes are always perfectly clean and sparkling.  But, I don't load the dishwater with filthy dishes.  I let dishes with baked-on or dried-on food soak a while in the sink before loading in the dishwasher.  If soaking hasn't sufficiently loosened baked-on or dried-on food, I often give dishes or pots a quick-and-dirty wipe with a copper scrub-pad, and let the dishwasher finish the job.&gt; With the heavy duty cycle, very hot water (the santitize option on the Bosch), and harsh detergents ANY dishwasher can clean ANYTHING.  But there's a good chance that this strategy (with any dishwasher) will etch and dull your glassware and china.HOW QUIET IS IT?Barely noticeable over normal ambient house sounds, even standing next to the dishwasher.  A red light, projected onto the floor on the right side of the dishwasher is often the only way you know that the dishwasher is operating.SIZE AND CAPACITY&gt; Fits in standard 24 wide x 34 tall x 24 deep opening (with perhaps 2 unused depth, which can matter if you have an electrical box or pipe on the back wall).&gt; Although this is the standard size (the same size inside as my old Kenmore), a Kitchenaide model I saw was cavernous in comparion (but will take up every inch of the standard 2' depth, and the handle will stick out by 3 more).  If you have a big family (and a full 24 deep hole), look at the Kitchenaide.&gt; For our family of just two adults, the Bosch is perfect.DESIGN&gt; Controls (and the limited display) are on the top edged of the door, so you can't see where the washer is in its cycle when its working.  I liked the dial on my old Kenmore (Whirlpool), in part because I knew what the dishwaster was doing.&gt; While you can add a delay to any of the cycles, this is an extra step (compared to the dial on my old Kenmore).&gt; The buttons are buttons (as opposed the the membrane buttons on some other brands).  While the membrane buttons on my Kitchenaide stove work well, I have more confidence in physical buttons.&gt; The flush handle makes a significant difference of 3 more space in my tiny galley-type kitchen.&gt; The door just pushes closed and pulls open---there is no locking latch, but you do feel it catch in the fully closed position.  While that works fine, I'd hesitate to install the dishwaster in an RV.&gt; Has easy-to-clean screens, but as of 6 months, I've never needed to clean a screen.BASKETS&gt; As a generalization, the baskets on my old Kenmore were generic---basically just a grid of vertical tines---which you could load almost at random.  In contrast, the Bosch baskets are complex with rows of tines of different spacings and heights, and the bottom even has waves or ridges (which turn out to be useful).  It takes perhaps 2 weeks of practice to learn how to best load the Bosch with your dishes--but once you learn, you will be astonished at how well the baskets are designed.  Both the old Kenmore and the Bosch have 1 fold-down row of tines in each basket, hypothetically for pots or big bowls.  However, my experience with the Kenmore is that the pots rarely fitted well, even with the folded-down rows.  With the Bosch (unlike my old Kenmore) you can securely place pots and large bowls face-down on the short sections of tines (with or without folding down a row).&gt; Bottom Basket, back row:  The Bosch has a back row for large plates and platters, which is really the only place they fit--but that also takes up the only good location for large rectangular casserole dishes.  Fortunately, if you put the casserole in first, you can still load the row with dishes.&gt; Bottom Basket, front rows:  There are two additional rows (perpendicular with the back row) with shorter tines for small plates and saucers, but oddly, I find this section to be perfect for cereal bowls, large round casserole dishes; even pots up to several inches deep can be loaded on their sides.&gt; The silverware basket is completely closable with two doors, but that means that your choice is all open, half-open, or all closed. I have found no reason to close them. The weave of the silverware baskets of the Bosch is tighter than those of my Kenmore, so spoons and forks with narrow handles don't stick through the bottom.  Various compartments are of various depths.&gt; Top Basket.  The height is easily adjustable.  There are three basic patterns of tine spacing and height.CYCLES AND OPTIONS&gt; Operation is simple, you have only the choice of four cycles Normal, Auto, Heavy, and Half-Load.&gt; Half-load would be better labeled Light, and is suitable even if the dishwasher is loaded to capacity with relatively clean dishes--such as glasses--which just need a light wash and rinse.&gt; Auto monitors the rinse water and keeps washing until it decides that the dishes are clean. I've seen no difference between normal and auto---in both cases the washed dishes are spotless.&gt; The installer warned me It works better with dirty dishes.  I'm still trying to figure that out, but I suspect that he meant that the auto-detect cycle cuts out too early if it never detects dirty water.  So, if you ordinarily load the dishwasher with fairly-clean dishes, mostly to clean them of finger prints, oils, and very thin films of food, then perhaps the normal or half-load cycles are preferable to the auto cycle.&gt; You can also add delayed start and/or the sanitize option to any of the 4 cycles.&gt; Sanitize heats the incoming water to a higher temperature. If any member of your family has a cold (or any other infectious disease), the sanitize option is probably a good ides.OPERATION&gt; The washer must be on in order to choose a wash cycle or other options. There are two distinct closed door positions closed and fully closed---the door isn't fully closed unless you push it (and you will feel it catch). Visually, it is hard to see any difference.  With the washer on the cycle starts when you fully close the door.  A red light is projected onto the when the dishwasher is operating.&gt; When you unload the dishwasher (or otherwise open the door the first time after a wash), you have to press the on/off button to off, OR you simply have to remember not to push the door into the fully closed position---otherwise a new wash cycle will begin if you fully close the door.  I'm a forgetful old geezer, but never accidentally fully closed the door.THE BEEPA beep will sound when the cycle is complete, and keep sounding at intervals until you turn the washer off.  However you can disable (or adjust the loudness of) the beep.  It is easy but the instructions are awful.  With the power off, press and hold the normal button, then press and hold the on/off button, then press the normal button one to several times until it no longer beeps (the display will read 0), or the beep is the loudness you want.  Release the normal button, then release the on/off button.DRYING&gt; The Bosch does not have heater coils for drying the dishes, it depends on the heat held by the dishes to dry them.  It takes longer, but saves much electricity, and works great for glass and porcelain dishes, and metal pots and tableware.  However, my plastic storage containers are wet at the end of the cycle.&gt; If you want your plastic to be dry you have three options 1) use the sanitize option to heat the dishes higher.  2) Use a drying agent in the rinse.  3) Let the wet items air dry, either on your counter top, or by leaving the dishwasher door open after the cycle has finished.&gt; Note that there is actually a benefit for not baking (force-drying) plastic items.  In my old Kenmore, small storage containers or their lids were often flipped over in the wash cycle, and therefore not fully rinsed---with the result that the bake cycle cooked detergent residue into the plastic.  That won't happen with the Bosch.  I also suspect that it was the bake cycle of the Kenmore which made the soft-plastics lids of many of my glass storage containers brittle.DETERGENT&gt; Although you have your choice of any dishwasher detergent, even liquid detergents, Bosch recommends Finish tablets---in which case you have two choicesFinish Powerball Tabs Dishwasher Detergent, Fresh Scent, 85-Countwhich are a fantastic bargain from Amazon at about 11 cents each or the more expensiveFinish Quantum Dishwasher Detergent, 45-Count.  I've used only the standard powerballs and my dishes have been spotless.  I suppose it may be worthwhile to have a small container of quantum tablets for really heavy-duty pot washing.  The drawback to either of these tablets is that you can't reduce the detergent used in a light load, or add extra detergent for a heavy load.&gt; I was at first a little skeptical of the tablets, considering going back to my liquid Cascade when the tablets ran out, but after a few weeks I find the tablets much more convenient.RINSING AGENT&gt; There is a special built-in dispenser for liquid rinse agents---with a dial you can adjust the amount of rinse to use.&gt; Bosch recommends Finish rinsing agent.  Again there are two options, a simple rinsing agent (which works terrifically, even on the lowest setting)Finish Jet Dry Rinse Agent Liquid, Original, 16 Ouncesor a rinsing and drying agentFinish Jet Dry Turbo Dry Drying Agent, 13 Ounces (Pack of 2)Note that although both have the word dry in the name (and although both promote drying by sheeting action), only the turbo is a drying agent.&gt; Finish Powerballs (both kinds) have a rinsing agent.  So, if you use Powerballs you probably don't need an additional rinse agent---unless you have very hard or otherwise problematic water.&gt; A little rinsing agent goes a long way---you should only have to fill the reservoir once-a-month to once-every-6-months (depending on the setting you dial into the dispenser).  At the lowest setting, my guess is that a 16 ounce bottle could last several years.MAINTENANCE/REPAIR&gt; Other than being about as noisy as a garbage truck, my 20-year old Kenmore was actually working just fine--but the unreplaceable basket was falling apart.  Too late I discovered that an adhesive called Goop is great for sealing small rust spots, especially at the base of the tines.Amazing Goop All-Purpose Household Goop, 3.7-Ounce Tube #130012.  Let the Goop dry for at least 24 hrs; 48 hrs if you can.&gt; If there is wear to the tips of the tines, Goop will seal them and protect your dishes from scratches.  You may also consider installing cushiony plastic tips on the tines---in which case100 Dishwasher Rack TINE caps - (WHITE).  The Bosch took about 120 tips (or caps).  The first several times you run the dishwasher, you'll find one or two loose caps on the filter screen.  Check to see if any are half-off, if so push them back down.  You can glue them in place (with Goop), or after about a week, they will tighten up on their own.CAUTION: there is a product called Uber GOOP which is optionally sold in kits with rack-tines caps.  I've purchased it (but not used it), and as far as I can tell, it's just enamel paint in a small container.SUGGESTIONS&gt; If in particular situations (such as dried-on egg) the dishwasher doesn't clean perfectly, don't blame the dishwasher, instead adjust the way you pre-process similarly dirty dishes before loading them into the dishwasher.&gt; If you must use the heavy duty cycle etc. for filthy pots etc., then wash your china and glassware separately using the normal or auto cycles.&gt; If the dishwasher will mostly be loaded by untrainables or individuals who refuse to be bothered (such as teenagers), then the auto cycle is probably the best choice, because that will force the washer to keep washing as long as it detects dirty rinsewater. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16167250	I don't give 5 stars unless it came with $1,000 in cash inside but this gets 4 stars. Our office is all guys. We got tired of doing dishes. Had it for a few months so not long but it is: quiet (fairly), sleek, easy to use, easy to set up, etc. The faucet attachment I was able to hand tighten on and it has never leaked. The hose attachment is sturdy and doesn't leak either just make sure it is pressed up onto the faucet adapter well.Several modes, quick, somewhat quick, long, extra long. I found you need to use a decent detergent to get coffee stains off inside of cups. We use it 90% to just do coffee mugs. the 1:20m setting works well with a packet liquid/grain detergent. We will run it once a week when we have no training classes. When we have classes with 8-10 more people using mugs we will run it each AM. We make sure to have 20 mugs on hand in case we don't get to it.Sits well on counter, hoses are sturdy, and can be shaken off for excess water then curled behind unit. We have the unit on the counter near the sink. Works fine. The hose attaches, and if you want to use the faucet while it is running, just either disconnect/reconnect it quickly in between fills, or hold the temporary pressure release down and use it that way to fill up the coffee machine, etc.Over all it has served us well and is not a beast to look at. Pleased with the purchase. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58951075	My dishwasher broke and even flooded our basement. We are still dealing with it 5 years later. It breaks every 3 months.  It's always the same thing...the panel needs to be replaced.  Bottom line  Kitchen Aid builds an inferior product and does little to make it right for their customers.  Buy their competitor's product.  You'll thank me later. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
26931855	I bought this model at a big box chain. It was an open box item (meaning someone else had already returned it!), but it was deeply discounted and I only needed something for a year or so until I start a remodel project. After I started using it I found it one of the strangest dishwashers I've ever had. The top rack is multilevel with a row of tines on each level, but overall it doesn't accommodate as many dishes, glasses, and mugs as I used to load in my previous dishwashers. In general, the tines on the top and bottom racks are too close together, so if you have any curved-edge dishes you need to skip a row so that there is enough room for the spray to hit the dishes. The bottom rack has an odd set of wheels and tracks unlike any I've ever seen and the rack always seems to catch on the door edge when trying to pull it out or push it back in. Whereas most dishwashers have two soap cups, this one has just one with odd gram labels supposedly indicating how much soap to add for the main wash, depending on what you are washing, and assuming you know how to measure in grams. And you just add the soap for the initial wash in an indentation on the main wash lid. The dry cycle is run for every type of wash, there is no way to disable it. I don't understand the rinse aid marker at all, so I just pour in the rinse aid until it looks full.On the plus side, it it the quietest dishwasher I've ever had - you can barely hear it even when you are standing next to it. The only time you can hear it is when it is emptying out the water. And it cleans well. As a nice touch, it plays a little chime at the end of the cycle to let you know it is finished (I wish the clothes dryer had that instead of the loud buzzer!) 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:59:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	not enough space	false
60680444	Just replaced an older Frigidaire that ended up having the racks rust out. At more than 100 a rack, it would have cost about half the value of a new comp machine. Our kitchen is open to the den and the racket from the old machine was too loud. Bosch makes a great, quiet machine. So far it's tackled everything we have thrown into it. My only complaint is that it does not get the dishes dry without a drying aid. The old machine never had this issue since it had a heating element in the tub. Bosch doesn't. Not a big deal. Overall, it's a high quality machine I would recommend to anyone. Bought it locally for final delivered price (with tax) of $499. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:59:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	doesn't dry well	false
19846327	I bought this dishwasher 1 year ago.  It was noisy, belched steam, and overflowed with foam regularly.  While still under warranty, the electronic control panel went out 3 times (a $230 part).  Finally, our repairman refused to fix it because the cost of parts was now more than we'd paid for the unit.  He told us to call Frigidaire to get it replaced.  (Note: the 800 number is a recording giving you a toll number.  The toll number keeps you on hold for at least 20 minutes each call.)  Frigidaire refused to replace it because 1) it was still repairable, 2) we hadn't gotten two opinions from other repairmen, 3) they hadn't been advised of the problem by the repairman.  Each time I'd call, they told me my problem had to be reviewed by their Complaints Department, and they would call me back after 48 hours.  They never called back.  Each time I would call back after 3 or 4 days, and would have to start the claim process all over again with a new representative because they lost the paperwork every time.  After 5 weeks of arguing over the phone, demand letters, and consultation with my attorney, they finally agreed to replace it.  Fortunately the dealer, US Appliance, gave us a refund, and we bought a Whirlpool.  The only thing worse than Frigidaire dishwashers is Frigidaire Customer Service.  (Honestly, Frigidaire and service in the same sentence is an oxymoron!) 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:59:45	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	buttons were on the electronic control panel	false
56966762	I must say the machine runs very quiet.  However, in spite of the fact I rinse the dishes prior to placing them in the machine they come out stained.  If I had to guess it would be that the water saving feature reuses the dirty water that gets deposited on the dishes. The silverware basket and its location are also of poor design.  Save your money and don't purchase this machine if your looking for a machine that does a good job. 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:59:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
49347255	This dishwasher actually cleans all my dishes (unlike my previous three dishwashers from other manufacturers).  It is also so quiet that sometimes I cannot even tell whether it's running.  It's very nice looking, and the smooth control panel is easy to keep clean (no protruding buttons to collect dirt). 	meg13	10-20-2015 18:59:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56646194	I've had this dishwasher for about 2 months and have been very very happy.  Our old dishwasher was LOUD compared to this one.  We have to check w/ the light to make sure it is running.  We are a family of three and run the dishes every other day. I don't like to waste water by pre-rinsing my dishes.  I scrap off visible food and simply load.  My dishes come out clean.  My glasses are not cloudy.  I did read the reviews and use powder detergent and the rinse agent.  Having no problems.Have heard of the smell issue but I make sure there is not much food debris before I load so there is not much in the trap to collect.  I would recommend this dishwasher. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:06:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35218464	I live in New York City and have always dreamed about having a dishwasher. If I knew that an appliance like this was as cheap as it is, I would have bought one years ago.This unit, while bulky, saves so much effort and time that it is worth sacrificing precious counter space. My fiancee and I used to pile up dishes, liking to wash in one fell swoop, so having this unit there, ready to load and run has kept our kitchen far tidier. Installation was a snap, the dishwasher works surprisingly well (we've loaded bowls and plates with hardened sauce or other hard-to-scrub items) and I'm always fairly stunned at how clean everything comes out.I'm also fairly convinced that we're using less water (~3.5 gallons per wash) than hand washing dishes.The only cons are that it can be hard to load if you have oversized or irregularly sized plates/bowls/glasses. But with a little creativity, you can figure out how to fit things. We are just a couple, no kids and we run it 2-3 times a week.Our kitchen is definitely small with virtually no counter space, but we are more than happy with the purchase. It keeps our single-basin sink clear and our dishes are cleaner than they were than when we washed by hand. (I also reiterate that I'm sure we're saving water as well - since water is included, I'll have to consult with my landlady to see if things have changed).Highly recommended - solid build, quiet when it runs, and very effective cleaning! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:06:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	hard to fit dishes	false
42071353	My whirlpool dishwasher stopped working completely. So of course I took it apart. I found the thermal fuse that feeds power to the door switch was open. I replaced it with this one on amazon and it has worked perfectly for the last 2 months.  Just follow the instructions and dont remove the quick connects from the fuse. Cut your wires in the dishwasher and connect to the compression screw terminals provided with this kit. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:06:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27059154	After attempting to research dishwashers to replace our broken one - I was more confused than ever, if that is even possible!  Each web site contradicted the previous one.  I realized that most happy people do not bother to write reviews, so thought I would write to share our happy review of this one.I would describe our decision process as a crap shoot.  We did not want to spend $900 on a dishwasher, but did not want a piece of junk either.  Don't get me wrong, I would love to have one of those elegant designer dishwashers, but not at the cost of my first born. (maybe I should reconsider that - ha ha).  Anyway, based on a Consumer Reports rating, we were looking at a few dishwashers, Whirlpool Gold being one of them.  This is not the exact model they were rating (not avail at our location), but close enough for us. Over all, we felt this was a safe bet because our last dishwasher was a Whirlpool and it lasted 17 years before it finally bit it and went to dishwasher heaven.  This one was in stock at our local home store and we could install right away. Others we would have to order and wait 7-28 days depending on machine.One of our requirements was that the machine was quiet.  This one is advertised at 55 db.  I can safely tell you, as I sit 5 feet from the running machine, that it is pretty quiet!  I can hear it but it is a low hum.  Not completely silent, but very quiet.  Absolutely acceptable in our open living area.It seems to clean very very well.  It was 4 days between the old one breaking and the new installation and those dishes were ick.  Dried on egg, cheese, and cake mix among other things.  They came out beautifully.  I could not ask for better in the cleaning department. I do not rinse the dishes before they get washed, just scrape off the scraps and throw them in, they were pretty dirty.Installation went pretty well, took a couple of hours to get out the old and have the new completely hooked up.Overall, we are happy with this machine so far. Clean dishes and pretty quiet, our 2 big requirements.If anything pops up, I will update. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:06:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38581846	I bought a Frigidaire upright freezer in May with 1 year store warranty and 3 year bought warranty.  After 7 weeks, the control panel went out and all my food inside the freezer spoiled.  The warranty repair could not come out on friday and I asked about the weekend.  They informed me the warranty did not pay them enough to come out on the weekend.  They came on monday and said it was the control panel and would have to be ordered and it would be 2 or 3 days.  By friday, I had not heard back from them.  I contacted HH Gregg where I had bought the freezer.  They could not get in touch with the repair company either.  On monday, HH Gregg said they would just give me a new freezer.  Their salesman told me that Frigidaire would pay for my spoiled food.  Today I received a letter from Electrolux stating the contents were not covered in the warranty.  The spoilage was a result of their shoddy work.  Please think about this before buying anything with the Frigidaire/Electrolux name on it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:06:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	about a freezer, not a dishwasher	false
87038981	Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher. We are on our FOURTH Stainless Steel Samsung Dishwasher. They look great and are extremely quiet but they are NOT functional! Ours keeps displaying a 5E error message, the plastic parts to adjust the top rack have broken off and the dishwasher smells like spoiled milk, even after a full clean cycle. The WORST! Samsung does not stand behind it's products and I think they expect consumers to buy a new dishwasher every year! Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:12:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
78139248	Should of done more research!  They do not just send out a repair person.... they go through process of elimination, BEWARE! Went with a Maytag instead, shame on LG for selling JUNK! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:12:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	repair service complaint	false
68775167	Horrible, horrible, horrible. Enough said. Whoops, this review system requires more words.  OK, once again, horrible.  I'd like to give it a zero star rating. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:12:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
19794822	In 2008 I purchased two Amana dishwashers. We have a busy household with lots of entertaining and needed two dishwashers to work in rotation. This is not the level of professional use but I would say each dishwasher was used every other day. I choose Amana because I considered a very sturdy appliance that would not need extensive expensive repairs and attention. After three years I started having problem with one dishwasher not draining properly. Slimy water would remain at the bottom of the tub and not drain properly. I would call the plumber for drain service who would say it was the dishwashers problem. I would then call the Sear's service who would say it was the drain problem. Then the second dishwasher (not attached to the first) began having the very same problem. I called in the Sear's service provider yet again who diagnosed that the problem was in the drain motors which would need to be replaced at a cost of around $500 each. At this point I was not willing to go on with this problematic appliance and replaced both dishwashers with Miele with a five year warranty. So far after a few months I am happy. Wine glasses are easier to fit in and flatware consistently comes out cleaner since they are placed separately on their own shelf. Only time will tell if they provide service without problems. Sear's service was a pain to deal with. When I called for service they spent a significant amount of time on the phone trying to up sell me on warranty and service deals. It took ten days to two weeks to get a provider and was never the same one. It does cost more but sometimes the high end appliances are worth the extra amount paid. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:12:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	drain problem	false
48795430	My first dishwasher ever and I must say its one the best products I've ever purchased. I've used the light setting (45 minutes) and its cleans just as wellas the normal. The person who left a negative review is an idiot. Check his other reviews and you'll see that this guy is a lying sob. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:12:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33987949	This item is being reviewed to test if only people who have purchased an item can post a review. I'm contemplating getting this dishwasher which is rated 75/100 by Consumer Reports. It is also rated 4.6 out of 5 stars in Best Buy. However, all reviews in Amazon sound as though they have been rigged. There are people posting so much negative (1 star) comment that it is hard to know for sure if they are genuine. No wonder other than Bosch, there are no other company that get any good reviews. I'm posting this review because I'm interested in this model, but I'm somewhat alarmed by the negative comment, which don't jive with reviews on other websites.. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	irrelevant	false
55769528	This dishwasher was bought and installed in October 2013.  Even before using it, we found the left-hand side hinge was either broken or improperly manufactured. The broken part involves a welding failure.  GE notified us that they will not re-weld the piece but rather send a #34;fix#34; packet to reattach the door to the primary unit.  As such, even prior to the 1st use, we have a dishwasher that does not meet original, purchase specifications.  How very disappointing for equipment that GE markets as upper-tier merchandise. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:20:59	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49277010	We wondered why this dishwasher was as cheap as it was.even after the shipping it was cheaper than any place else. Well We still do not understand how they sell them so cheap because it is the greatest dishwasher! Big, sturdy , cleans the nasty stuff off of the dishes! Great deal! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86658782	We are very happy with this dishwasher.  The adjustable racks are great when loading tall dishes on the bottom rack.  It is quiet (we can watch tv in the next room with it running and we don't even notice).  It cleans the dishes well.  It is energy efficient.  The control panel is user friendly.  We have had the dishwasher 8 months with no issues. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57721524	I've loved this dishwasher due to it's size and price. ( The only other countertop dishwasher available is too tall to fit under cabinets) However, even though I only use it every two or three days, before 6 months water was coming out of the window seals.  I took the window out myself and super glued the seals and window in place which luckily worked out great.  The seal around the door came loose and again, luckily I was able to fix that.  Sadly, almost 2 years after purchasing my dishwasher, it began to leak from underneath.  The cost to diagnose and repair would come too close to my original purchase price, so It's a goner! I really expected to get longer usage time from it since I never used the sani-mode and usually ran it on the shortest wash cycle, combined with using it 2-3 times per week.  If I had used it everyday with full wash and sani-mode, I expect this little dishwasher would never have seen it's first birthday.  DANBY....Please step up your game!!! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:20:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
58533328	Will not dry, does not wash well, and it makes horrible metal on metal sounds. We have had the mechanism replaced 3 times and have given up. I believe in their attempt to make a tall tub, they made the wash/pump/heat mechanism TOO small and unreliable. Our dishwasher repairman says these LG products keep him very well paid as he goes from one to the other all day. Lowes will not sell these, and shame on Home Depot or anyone else that does. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:24:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66139237	I've had this for almost 2 months.  So far so good it's still running like a champ.  Wasn't too hard to hook up the adapter that came with it; hooked right up to the faucet.  Took a minute to understand when the machine was complete because it didn't specify that feature in the directions.  Overall for what I needed it for it gets the job done. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:24:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15228413	I live in an old house. It didn't come with a dishwasher. I didn't want to redo my kitchen to install a dishwasher. This thing works very well. It seems to use less water than when I washed by hand and the glasses appear to but much cleaner too. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:24:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69955948	Delivers exactly what you can expect from a dishwasher of this size and for this price. After a couple of weeks you learn have to stuff it to the maximum level. This will save you so much time! I live with 2 other guys. We're all swimmers and eat A LOT! I run the washer once/day right before I go to bed. All the dishes will be clean in the morning. Some people say it makes too much noise. Well, it's actually not that bad. It's not the most quiet thing on the market, but the kitchen in our apartment is right next to my room and I sleep fine during nights when the washer is going.I've had it for 6 months now too and it still works fine. Hasn't broken down yet. Two recommendations though:1 - Buy a warranty for it! It's not that expensive and it is worth it in case it brakes down after a year or two.2 - The washer's own drying function is not great. The washer is actually just standing there for minutes to let the water pour of the dishes. This doesn't work too good and is probably the only bad thing I can think of when it comes to this product. However, there's a little thing you can fill up with rinse/dry detergent. I bought some at meijer and it works great!! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:24:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	doesn't dry very well	false
80712317	Whenever the unit would shut off the water, it would cause our pipes to bang through our house.  Our last dishwasher did not do that.  Seemed to make more noise than our 4 year old JennAir.  (yea, it was junk)  The worst problem that we had was it refused to rinse the soap off the dishs and left several inches of soap at the bottom of the tub.  We tried using little soap, still did it.  We tried different levels of rinse aid, still did it.  Only way to clean properly was to run a second cycle without soap.  Then I started checking reviews and found there were several different complaints from a lot of people.  Decided to get rid of it after a week and bought a LG.  It works great and it rinses and empties the soad suds. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:24:04	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	one complaint dealt with pipes in the walls of their home, may not be the DW's fault	false
210308	When we moved into our new home (new to us), we replaced the frigidaire dishwasher a few months after we moved in. We wanted a good quality quiet disher that had a clean sleek look. We saw the Samsung dishwasher at Lowes that we thought fit that description. We have had the dishwasher about 4 years now. During that time, we have had the water sensor level replaced ($$$), replaced both the adjustable brackets that hold the upper basket, one roller to the lower basket (we didn't realized the the wheel came off), couple of clips, and just ordered replacements for the top and bottom nozzles sprayers (the arms the spin and spray water on your dishes) plus the middle nozzle as a backup (just in case $$$). For such an high end appliance, the quality of parts don't fit the category. I believe the plastic parts they use inside the tub can't tolerate the heat along with the detergent and begin to break down the plastic. Spending that kind of money for this disher, you would think it would be trouble free for many years. It not fair to the comsumer to be stuck with inferior quality to be sold as high end appliances. Will eventually replace this dishwasher sooner than later (probably this summer). Can't continually be buying replacement parts. Sooner or later these part may not be available.TODAY I AM BACK (July 21, 2013) To report that our dishwasher just displayed an error code 6e2. I have no idea what the error code means. Had to turn off the circuit breaker to turn off the dishwasher since the touch panel would not respond. Will have to go look for a new non Samsung dishwasher to replace this defunct dishwasher. Searched online for the error code and can't seem to get a straight answer to the mystery code. Don't feel like spending $$$$$ into fixing the problem since I have already done that in the past. Cut my losses and hopefully get a good reliable dishwasher.Well I am back (11-23-13) to report. We still have the dishwasher. I have figured out what the problem was even though I did not find the meaning to the error code. I noticed on the touch control panel on the top of the door had condensation under the plastic display window. So I peeled the plastic window off and found that the adhesive tape they used has lost some of its grip and had allowed moisture into the touch control contacts. Let the top dry out and bought glue to secure the plastic window. Dishwasher works! Yesterday dishwasher gave us an error code 9e. Same error code we got the very first time we had an issue with the dishwasher. This time I didn't call for a repairmen since it was the same error code for water level sensor. I knew where to look and pulled the part off the left side of the dishwasher. Sure enough inside the part was full of crud buildup and I cleaned it out. Put the part back in and guess what, the dishwasher is working again. Didn't have to replace the part. If I had known this the first time, I would not have had to call for a repairmen and a new water level sensor put in. I STILL PLANNING TO REPLACE THIS DISHWASHER. Can't do it now, the holidays are here and the money is needed for the holidays. Will baby the dishwasher as long as I am able to keep it running. If you are having the same problems I have been dealing with, let me know. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:27:24	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61031097	Yes, I've had this machine for 6 YEARS with no issues.  It is only now that I need to replace the heating element, that's it.  I could not be happier with this dishwasher. We use it every day for a family of 4.  It does a really good job and you DON'T HAVE TO rinse the dishes off before you load them unless you want to.  The longest cycle does take 90 minutes to complete but that's okay by me since I don't have to wash anything by hand.  We've had very good luck with this machine. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:27:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	didn't complain, but heating component did break	false
57435415	This review is for the Asko D5894XXLHS dishwasher.  I hesitated when I bought this because I found no meaningful reviews by users and there was a negative review by Consumer Reports.  We decided on this one because of the baskets arrangements and its loading flexibility.Installation was a breeze.  The hoses and electrical are all attached to the machine at the factory and all that one needs to do is connect them to the drain, water supply and plug it in. The installation kit includes sliders so you don't scratch the floor when moving it but mine only came with three so I did not use them - but the feet are smooth enough so they did not scratch my hardwood floor.  I've only owned 5 dishwashers in my lifetime and they have all been reliable and done a good job cleaning the dishes.  This ASKO replaced a Kitchen Aid that had only 8 years worth of use - I had recently replaced the control panel, but the baskets and other assorted bits were starting to fall apart.The machine:  At first I thought it did not provide adequate drying to save energy.  I had heard reports of the Bosch and Miele leaving the dishes wet to conserve energy so I thought this was the same deal.  Then I started experimenting with all the features and settings and sure enough I found that the drying intensity can be controlled for just about any program mode you use.  I've only had it for a short period of time but I can say that this is by far the best dishwasher I've owned and it is eons ahead of what I used to own.  The dishes come out spotless - especially the glasses - and completely dry.  One can do so many combinations with the loading that everything fits well by moving this and that or nothing at all.  It has a light at the bottom of the door that changes color depending on the status of the load i.e.: blue is for running but ok to load new dishes if you want, red is for running and please do not load anymore because I'm not responsible for the results, and green is I'm done and you can unload me.  Check out this video on loading flexibility:  [...]I do recommend this one for sure.  I don't know how it compares to the others that compete with it but I can't imagine any being better at the basic function of being able to wash a huge load with stellar and spotless results. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:27:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55500182	I was very disappointed when the dishwasher was installed to see that it had several noticeable dents on its front panel.  I am trying to resolves htis matter by obtaining a new panel from Aamazon, but so far, no luck. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:27:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Amazon shipped it with dents	false
32548631	This was a replacement for an ASKO (Swedish) dishwasher that stopped working after less than one year of use. Unfortunately it had been installed in the house three years ago thus was out of warranty. And frankly, I wanted to replace the ASKO anyway. Compared to the KitchenAid the ASKO feels flimsy and has less capacity for dishes, while costing about the same. Also, the ASKO was very noisy by comparison. The KitchenAid is a pleasure to use and doesn't create splashing noises. I'm no handyman but with a couple hours work I was able to install it without assistance. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:27:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58186694	Like another reviewer, I'm puzzled by the very negative reviews of Bosch washers. I took Consumer Reports' word for it, and bought this one.  So far, I have only done a couple of loads, but I can say:1. it washes well.  It even got stains out of the bottom of my teapot.2. it is extremely quiet--useful if your TV is in the room next to your kitchen.3. it is attractive.  I don't see any part of it looking cheap, as some reviewers do.4. The stainless steel interior does have a smell, but it's more or less a new car smell, not a displeasing one.However,1. the interior does seem a bit small, and it can be tricky to load because of the angled tines set close together.2. it's a little narrower (about a half inch) than my old Whirlpool.  It comes with rubber wings or gaskets on the side that can spread out to fill the opening built into your cupboards, but it would look nicer if it fit perfectly.3. you must always have rinse agent in it every time you run it.  The dishes turn out beautifully if you do, so I'm not really complaining about that.4. it has filters that have to be emptied and rinsed regularly (which I haven't done yet).That's all I can say so far.  I'll update if any other problems emerge. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:31:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	difficult to load due to design	false
82464560	It takes up exactly the space the former dishrack did. Even better now that the dishrack washes the dishes. It doesn't dry all the way and it takes up the sink while working but I am fine with these little things because the dishes get done regularly now. For city apt dwellers who don't have the space or the $$ some places want to install a full size this is the best solution. Had ours 5 months now and love it. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:31:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72318391	I love this little dishwasher. Fast, quiet, effective, just the right size for a single person who would otherwise have to let dirty dishes accumulate for several days before running a load. And the counter top location is a big plus, the fact that you don't have to bend down to stick something in it means that I'm less likely to succumb to temptation and leave dishes in the sink. If you regularly cook and use a lot of pots, however, you may find yourself running more than one load a day and should consider a larger unit.I've found the cleaning at least as effective as the full-sized Kitchenaid downstairs, or any full-sized dishwasher I've ever used, which is to say that if you use a good detergent (Cascade) you don't have to prerinse dishes unless they have cheese one them. Pots with cooked-on material will require a preliminary scouring.One minor drawback: this dishwasher doesn't have a disposer, which means that there's a filter to rinse. It takes a few seconds. (On the plus side, that's one of the reasons the dishwasher is so quiet.) Also, one of the settings didn't work on my unit, something that in ordinary circumstances would have led me to remove a star. But this is just so damn handy that I gave it five anyway.How can someone not know that faucets have threads on them? Installing the quick disconnect fitting is no more complicated than screwing in a light bulb, which is why they didn't put it in the instructions. Do table lamps have instructions on how to screw in the bulb? 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:31:19	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	settings didn't work, but she did not complain	false
31930819	The connecting hoses are made of cheap plastic and one of the connectors snapped when my husband and I were screwing it on. Other than that, it's bigger than the pictures made it seem and it's a very pretty sparkly silver. The silver will certainly compliment the stainless steel connecting kit I ordered to replace the broken one. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:31:19	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	connecting kit broke during installation	false
83698548	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 9 year old Frigidaire unit.  There was nothing really wrong with the old one but the rack tines were splitting and starting to rust quite a bit.  Instead of spending the $125 for new racks, we decided to freshen up the kitchen a bit with a new unit instead (we've already installed a new fridge and stove, so it made sense to update the dishwasher as well).  Our only real requirements for the new unit were that we wanted stainless steel finish, that the unit had a rounded stainless handle, hidden controls, and a stainless tub.  This unit met our needs and the price was right ($619 at HD w/ free shipping - some of the online retailers had it a bit cheaper but I wasn't comfortable with their return policies in the event that we had an issue -- HD is right up the road if I have a problem).  I got the recommended GE install kit for $10 which included a new braided water supply line, brass elbow and a pair of pipe fittings (which I didn't need for my install).  I've never installed a dishwasher before but had no problems installing this one but note I was simply installing it into an existing location and not doing a complete install.  The installation instructions were clearly written and easy to follow.  I will say to make sure that you check for level on both the side to side and also the front to back to avoid leaking (I think if you have it adjusted with the rear tilted too high the front door can leak on the bottom).  We've run several washes though the new machine now.  We don't tend to put dirty dishes in the dishwasher, so I really can't say how it is for cleaning caked or baked on dirt.  I'm still getting used to the new racks and figuring out the best way to position our dishes to optimize the load.  The unit is very quiet - not so much so that I can't tell that it's running, but it is noticeably quieter than our older Frigidaire unit.  The fit and finish is quite nice.  The side mounts are nice since we have granite counter tops and can't use the top mounts with the granite.  The only thing that we question is how can the stainless steel front door not hold a magnet?  My kids discovered this trying to put a magnet from our refrigerator onto the new dishwasher and it wouldn't stick.  Is the door steel or not?  Our stainless stove and fridge facades both hold a magnet, why not the dishwasher?  I'll be sure to update my review as we use the dishwasher more. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:31:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	not magnetized	false
51746535	The reviews are very mixed to begin with, but I went off the highest rating  best value rather than aesthetics. I've done 3 loads of dishes already. It was amazingly simple to hook up, a cheaper basic faucet works better for hook up than the fancier ones. It came with the adapter already, so no extra runs to the hardware store. The adapter is plastic, so we'll see how long it lasts. Every load I've done so far have come out beautifully. Hand tighten the hoses on the back of the dishwasher to prevent stripping or breaking them. No leaks thus far. The machine is so quiet that I have a hard time telling if it's the refrigerator or the dishwasher I hear. I used a rinse aid and some Cascade gel detergent and so far so good. I'd recommend this to anyone who's limited on kitchen space or doesn't want to plumb for a full size dishwasher. It's roomy enough that I could get away with running it once or twice a week in my house. I don't want to imagine life without this thing!! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:35:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38337236	Ah, where to start. First, if you can avoid Energy Star -- DO IT!  Every major fault of this dishwasher traces back to the Energy Star rating. To use this dishwasher you have to:1. Pre-wash all dishes in the sink (rinse, scrub)2. Run hot water in the sink3. Run the dishwasher4. Inspect all dishes as you remove them, because some will still be dirty5. Dry the dishes before you put them away (towel dry, or leave door open for a few hours)Step 2 is impossible to do if you choose the delayed start option.  The manual doesn't say how much this reduces the quality of the wash cycle.What can I say that is good?  The layout of the dishwasher is excellent.  The lower  upper racks are roomy and not confined by pillers and other blockages. The sideways jets of water seem to help. The unit is very quiet and uses little electricity. I think it would be an untrue exageration to say that the unit uses little water, due to steps 1 and 2.Here are some more flaws. The insullation marked keep it on the unit cannot fit in a standard sized dishwasher hole. Wash cycle takes 3 to 4 hours. The light items clip is a joke (there are two cheap pieces of plastic), and there are only 4 wine glass clips; so I wouldn't buy this unit for those advantages. By default, the unit will NOT dry your dishes, and if you ask for a drying cycle, then some but not all of the dishes come out dry for us in Colorado, which is nearly a desert. I can't imagine the dry cycle does much of anything in a humid climate. The installation instructions are amazingly poor; for example, the last step is install the handle on the door and includes a statement that this will be easiest to do if you lay the unit on it's side. Kinda hard to do after installation is complete! The pre-wash, inspect, and towel dry steps mean that using this unit involves is a lot more physical labor than my old dishwasher did.The controls are on top of the door.  The manual doesn't tell you how to use them.  You need to press the settings you want, press start, and then close the door quickly.My conclusion: this unit is probably as good as any Energy Star dishwasher can get. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:35:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	blames everything on it being energy efficient	false
54629358	I shouldn't start a review with, I don't know much about dishwahers but I'll start this one like that - I don't know much about dishwashers.  I just want them to clean my dishes.  This unit was great at first, replacing a decades-old unit at the end of its life.  Shortly after the warrenty ended, it started breaking down.  The top spinner kept falling off - a defect in the plastic holder securing it that I didn't know until months later.  The unit kept giving a 'low water error' code.  the repairman (The only one certified for Samsung in our large town (and yes, I independently verified this)) got about $200 for a simple repair.  Unfortunately, less than a year later, the same issue came up.  I am not spending as much on repairs as I paid for the unit!  I'm off to do some research on more reliable brands that will have a lifecycle of more than 2 years.When the unit was working, it cleaned the dishes acceptably well, had an average noise level, but took a very long time to run through a cycle.  I think 2-3 hours would be the average time for a normal (not heavy) cycle. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:35:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43585142	Maytag doesn't repair their own machines!  They can't even place a sticker #34; not working order#34; on their machines or repair their own answering service which is choppy when trying to call them!  More than money lost is sad working order machines that cost clothing to be left wet and have to be hung out where there is no place to hang and time lost! 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:35:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	for washing machine not DW	false
7632136	My first Kitchenaid dishwasher gave me fifteen years of dependable service.  Then I replaced it with this model.  Lemon,  Lemon,  LEMON!  It's two years old now and I'm considering replacing it.  Nothing but trouble from the start,  a real piece of Made in China junk. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:35:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
15444988	First of all, this dishwasher is tiny. Don't be fooled by how much the picture says you can squeeze in there. Those are teeny little cups on the top rack -- it will never hold regular-sized cups or mugs up there -- and it doesn't fit my 10.5#34; dinner plates. Loading it takes some creativity. That said, it's great for a household that doesn't produce a lot of dishes. I actually use it more to save water than to save time.It has three settings, with the shortest cycle lasting only 45 minutes, and that's the one I use. The pump, which lets you keep the dishwasher lower than the sink, is one of the best features. I keep it on very sturdy chrome service cart and it's perfect. It requires no more pre-rinsing of dishes than any other dishwasher I've used.I kind of wish now that I'd bought a full-size portable, so I wouldn't have to strategize squeezing everything in, but really, this is sufficient for my purposes and it uses less water anyway. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:45:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	hard to fit dishes	false
21320430	I must say truthfully that the appliance is of very good quality and performance. One thing that I would like to know is why in the world is this appliance being sold without the two hoses to connect it to the water supply and the discharge. Also the insulation pad was not included. I had to shop around for them separetly. I really would have preffered to have them included with the unit, a few more dollars to have them included would prevent a lot of hassles . A notation should be included with the description of the dishwasher that these items must be purchased separetly. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:45:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	didn't include hoses or insulation pad	false
44380617	Overall I'm really really happy with this purchase, I enjoy not having to wash every dish by hand and it has cleared up counter space in my small kitchen to no longer have dishes out drying. The reasons that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 are that 1) with the hefty delivery fee charged they should be able to bring it past the threshold, the box is too large, heavy and unwieldy for someone my size to manage; and 2) I wish that it didn't take almost 2 hours from start to finish to clean the dishes.Other than that I only have positive things to say - its attractive, quiet, and cleans really well. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:45:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No	delivery and time for wash cycle	false
18426001	I must say, this dishwasher looks nice and would be an awesome product if it were trustworthy. I ordered this from my local Best Buy, it was my favorite one in terms of style and features in the store. When I got home, I excitedly went online and looked at some reviews, and was quickly awash in regret. Usually, I am lucky and don't have all the problems everyone else is having, so nonetheless, a few days later it was dropped off in my kitchen by a couple guys who clam baked cigarettes in a cold morning box truck the whole way here. I installed it and ran my first load of dishes. As the final chirp indicated the conclusion of the dishwashing session, I wiped the beads of sweat from my forehead and fell in love with this dishwasher. It does a great job cleaning the dishes and looks pretty slick in my kitchen, so I thought I had got off clean on this one. Fast forward about two days, I'm running what I think is my third load of dishes and sitting on the computer - a little more relaxed by now - in the next room. I slowly begin to notice there is a strange, loud noise eminating from the kitchen as if there were power tools being operated. Upon inspection, my girlfriend is still on the couch watching TV and throws me a strange glance, so it's not her working on any of the cars outside. I track down the source of the noise, and lo and behold the sound is coming from inside the door of my beloved new dishwasher. Further inspection reveals that it was in dry mode and the fan was vibrating intensely. I gave the door a few bouts of percussive maintenance and opened and closed the door a couple times, but that didn't stop it, so I got on the horn with Samsung. They had a guy out to my house in two days with a new drying fan and vent assembly. He swapped it out and told me to run it later and call if I had any more problems. Later that night, I ran another load of dishes and waited enthusiastically for the drying cycle. As soon as that fan kicked on... yet again... Power tools, only this time it sounded like a nail gun chewing through plastic instead of an unoiled air compressor.Needless to say, I can't trust this thing to be dependable and Sammy won't give me a free 5 year warranty on anything (LG has a 5/10 year warranty on parts/motor, respectively). Now I'm going to have to be that guy who returns his dishwasher to Best Buy. I'm taking this thing back as soon as I get a chance. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:45:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes	defective components causing loud noise	false
26234143	I give it a 1 star because it looks nice!  I bought my first dishwasher from Lowe's in November of 2011.  Within 2 weeks they had to replace it due to leaking from the door.  The second one started leaking right away.  They sent repairmen out 3 times to fix this thing.  Here it is June of 2013, and this dishwasher is AGAIN leaking.  There has to be a serious design flaw.  I owned a Maytag before, and a GE before that, and I have never, ever had a leak from either one of those.  Don't buy this dishwasher!  When 2 of the same model leaks the same way, there is a problem.  Frigidaire needs to step up and make it right.  They are lemons and the lemon law should apply. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:45:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
24565705	We didn't buy this on Amazon. But we bought this dishwasher a few months ago from a local vendor and hate it. It has way too many prongs in it, it won't hold nearly as many dishes as our old dishwasher. It doesn't clean any better either, which is very irritating given how much it costs. We paid more thinking it would be a great dishwasher, but it's a huge disappointment. It is quieter. Small consolation. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:50:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
49996004	After reading several reviews on several similar products I was fully aware when I load the dishwasher not to put more than 4 plates though it might say 6...etc. keeping that in mind it works great, easy to hook up, and the noise is low. I was concerned when I first opened the box, it had in fact been hooked up to water before it shipped to me. But, everything else was still it its new wrappings despite all the water. It is 2 months later and I am happy with my purchase. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:50:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35987157	I bought this item without doing any research after my old Whirlpool died after 13 years of faithful service.Even before I picked it up I had a bad feeling, mainly because of where it was manufactured, but it looked good and was priced right.When the FIRST one arrived right away I noticed a problem.  The door was bent, and off by about 1/4 of an inch and so would not open.  Two days later a replacement arrived and the door worked, but we later discovered that the input gasket was not quite circular and so the elbow fitting would not fit into it without a leak.  Even with teflon tape there would be a leak.  So I gave up.  Returned the item and will never ever buy a Samsung product again unless it is made in Korea.In short, poor build quality, not worth 1 star.  Avoid at all costs you will really be unhappy. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:50:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
87295975	We moved into a totally redone home and were delighted with our professional dishwasher and refrigerator.  Both of them, after one and a half years and within a week of each other(out of warranty, of course), had severe problems.  The top dishwasher arm fell off (no, we didn't put big things on top) - replacement, with service and a ridiculously expensive plastic part, ran 130 dollars.  Not two weeks later, the entire dishwasher board is gone and it must be replaced.  These two repairs will cost more than a new, more reliable machine.  In addition, the Frigidaire refrigerator water dispenser pusher cracked off and cost a fortune to fix.  My repair guy says these are expensive junk and, while he would like to keep taking our money, even he suggests another brand.  Be warned...looks good, does not last. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:50:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
73793970	Here is a list of the problems I had with my Frigidaire Proffesional dishawasher (Electrolux) :1- Both racks went rusty (every metal moving parts went rusty too)2- Water on the floor (crappy exit hose)3- Soap dispenser does not dispense soap (so the dishwasher does not wash dishes)4-The plastic basket is broken and knifes can now pass trough it and hurt the rotating water thrower5- Plates holder can move too easily , so plates are falling all the timeConclusion : I paid 700 bucks (canadian) for the professional grade dishwasher thinking I would be at least 10 years whitout worrying, but I had all these troubles on the first year. I am from Quebec so I called Office de protection du consommteur (gov consumer protection)  ans there is a law for this called garantie legale. So I am going to send them a letter of formal notice. I cannot afford to buy a dishwasher every year. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:50:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
36169974	This thing is terrible! Do not waste $200 on it! We have tried different detergents. Different ways of loading it. It will not get your dishes clean. I takes way longer than a full size washer to run so don't expect anything to be washed in a timely fashion. Average sized plates are too tall to fit in it. And it leaks water onto the counter!!!! COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY!!!!! Wish we could get our money back. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:58:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39192876	I have owned this unit for 6 months.  My prior dishwasher was a name brand that washed well for about 10 years but was very, very loud.  So when it was replacement time, my desires were for a quiet dishwasher.The GOOD:  This unit is very quiet.  Even in a quiet room I have to be close to the unit to actually hear that it is running.  The unit has an internal filter that needs to be hand cleaned; I find that this is acceptable.The NOT SO GOOD: The literature shows fully packed racks of dishes, but I now notice that all the dishes illustrated are very flat. The rack design is very poor for the type of dishes that I use; deep bowls and larger glasses.  None of my dishes fit securely into the racks.  The rack bottoms are not flat and the tines all seem to be too close together and too tall.  The silverware baskets are also strangely shaped and long cooking spoons fit poorly into the basket. I am not able to wash as many dishes in this unit as I was with my old unit.  The unit also leaves the dishes very wet at the end of the cycle.  The literature does warn that this should be expected, but I find this to still be annoying.Six stars for being quiet, minus 3 stars for the rack design and minus 1 star for the wet dishes at the end of the cycle.This unit would be perfect if it had a more basic rack design and a fan driven air drying feature. If I had a do over, I would not spend this much money for this unit. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:58:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51185424	My wife and I bought a Miele Optima dishwasher in May 2008.  It was expensive -- $1908.17 installed.  When we used it the very first day, there was a warning light that wouldn't go off.  Several service calls later, the warning light finally went off.  A few weeks later, the dishwasher simply stopped working.  Miele fixed it (after several days of no functioning dishwasher and dish washing in the sink).  Then it stopped working again.  Miele fixed it (again, after several days of no dishwasher).  Then it stopped working again.  You get the picture.  This went on over and over again until the warranty finally expired.  The dishwasher stopped working all of two weeks after the expiration of the two year warranty.My wife begged Miele to replace the dishwasher, since it was perfectly obvious that the design was seriously defective.  She did this again and again, including after the expiration of the warranty.  No luck!I guess I paid almost $100 a month to own a dishwasher that didn't work and was a constant source of aggravation.Our new Bosch dishwasher was installed today. It was less than half the price.Caveat emptor. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:58:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77131926	I purchased this Portable Countertop Dishwasher; it arrived quite quickly, within days; I was impressed.  However, after it arrived, we discovered that it needed an adapter to connect with my faucet. Once my son picked up the part, and installed the dishwasher.  We discovered problems; the first issue was in loading my dinner plates; I tried to load the dishes as the diagram suggested, but they DID NOT fit. My plates were too large, and in order for them to fit, I had to put them in another part of the dish rack and at an angle, in order for them to fit at all. The diagram shows that the dishes should stand upright, but if I placed them as directed, the rack WILL NOT slide into the dishwasher! (One would assume that a dishwasher would accommodate any size dinner plate, even a serving platter, this one DOES NOT!)Anyway, I had to find another way to get the dishes to fit, in addition to using another part of the rack, and pacing them at an angle, I had to leave a space between each plate. Without a space the water cannot spray up between the plates and clean them.  This change means that the dishwasher holds fewer dishes per load; this wasted space results in my having to do TWO loads, rather than ONE!The second issue that I ran into is that the handles of my flatware are too large to fit in the utensil basket.  The basket has slots designed to hold the flatware apart, the holes are too small, even the largest.  I had to remove the slotted top, and loosely load in the flatware; I have to put less flatware inside because if I loaded too much it sticks together and doesn't come clean.  These two issues prevent me from filling the dishwasher, and effectively or efficiently using the machine. It is NOT an energy saving device, when I can only load half of a load.The third and final issue is the wire dish rack has a lot of large slots in the bottom. With all of the rearranging that I have to do in an effort to get the dishes to fit and come clean, these large openings leaves space for things to fall through. Some of the openings are about 3 1/2 x 3  inches, making it a challenge to work around them, get things to fit; prevent them falling through; setting level and preventing them from falling sideways, and filling with water.These issues are frustrating and disappointing for me; it is impossible save on water and electricity by running a full load, because I can#8217;t run a full load. It is NOT ENERGY SAVING for me, since I am washing TWO LOADS for every ONE LOAD. I live alone, so when just doing a load for me, I try to make do. The manual says that this unit should fit a service for SIX; I am lucky if I can get it to fit in a service for FOUR. I had a dinner party for five; I had to wash two loads to clean-up.I considered returning this dishwasher because it doesn#8217;t hold a full load. But after thinking about the time I spent trying to find a counter top dishwasher; the time it would take to re-pack and return it; the return shipping that I#8217;d have to pay, and the money that I#8216;d lose in doing so; and finally, the fact that I am visually impaired, and I really need a dishwasher; I decided to keep it, at least for now. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:58:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design issues	false
40931341	I purchased this dishwasher from the local home improvement store, and I couldn't be happier with it so far.  I was initially looking at theWhirlpool WDT910SAYM, but the only meaningful difference I could see was that model had a stainless steal interior for an extra $200.  Maybe it's worth it, but I don't know.  Clean dishes are clean dishes, in my mind.Installation of this dishwasher is also pretty easy.  You have to buy the inflow hoses and connectors, but the home improvement store knows this and they have a kit already prepared with every connector you'd ever need.  The Whirlpool dishwashers require a larger brass connector than other brands, but it's in the kit and very easy to hook up.  Also, there are several good videos on youtube showing how to install this very model.  It took me a couple of hours to take out the old unit and install this one, but I was washing dishes much more quickly than I had anticipated.My only concern about this dishwasher is the latch.  It works fine (for now), but it's a plastic latch.  It's actually in place out-of-the-box, but I thought it was a temporary shipping latch.  I even went back to the store to look at the latch on the floor model to make sure I wasn't missing something.  It's there already.  All you do is pull.  I thought it should have some sort of lock on it, but it doesn't.  Just push shut and pull open (the first couple of pulls are a little stiff).  Because it's plastic and easily removable, I'm tempted to order a replacement part right now while I'm thinking about it.  Who knows?  The latch will probably work fine for 20 years?As far as noise is concerned, this unit is MUCH quieter than the freight train that was my old model.  Simple conversation or watching TV in the same room while the dishwasher is running isn't a problem.  You can hear it, but it isn't overly intrusive.  As far as cleaning is concerned, like the other reviewer I don't wash the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher.  So far, everything has come out spotless.  There is also much more room in this thing than I had in my mid 90's model Kennmore.  I don't pay much attention to changes in dishwasher technology over time, but all this additional room has been a welcome surprise.Obviously, I won't be completely sure of the durability of this unit for many more years.  However, I am very pleased with this unit so far. 	meg13	10-20-2015 19:58:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
89372910	We just replaced an 11 year old GE Profile that never had any problems with this Bosch top of the line Bosch XHX68E15UC Integra 800 Plus dishwasher.  The machine is beautiful to see and extremely quiet.  However, there are two design flaws you should know about before dropping $1,800 to $2,000 for this dishwasher:1.  The cutlery tray (drawer) at the top is a really nice feature.  However, when you pull it out to put cutlery in the tray, the tray binds when you try to push it back into the dishwasher.  You have to gently rock the tray from side to side to find the alignment spot to gently close the tray without forcing.  I called Bosch support and they said they hadn't heard of any problems.  I asked for a set of replacement guide rails to see if one of those happened to be slightly bent.  Instead the sent rollers that fit into the guide rails.  I tried the new rollers and swapped the rails from one side to the other. The binding still remained.  Top Notch Appliance in Midland VA, a Bosch recommended repair shop in our area,  came out and verified that the dishwasher had not been slightly deformed when installed. The dishwasher is a new model they hadn't seen before.  The installer verified that the tray did bind when extended.  He called his trusted contact in Bosch service that has access to the engineers that designed this model and was told that the trays do bind and that no fix exists for this problem.  So we get to live with a binding cutlery tray until this dishwasher gets replaced.2.  Two times now the door latch has snapped closed as the door is gently and slowly, but not completely closed.  When you then open the door and try to close it again, it will not latch because the latch is already in the closed position.  After some searching on the web, we found several others reporting this same problem with tips on how to reset the latch to the open position.  The solution is to take a slender, strong screw driver and use the screwdriver as a lever to firmly push the latch until it snaps back into the open position.  Then the latch works just fine.One would expect to not find these problems with the top model dishwasher Bosch produces.  The GE we used for 11 years had smooth gliding trays and a reliable door latch and cost 1/4 of the Bosch.  So think twice before getting this dishwasher.  If enough people complain about these design flaws and they notice no one is buying this model, maybe Bosch will fix these problems in the next model. 	meg13	10-20-2015 20:16:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15284251	Got this for my RV...easy install and the project worked out much better than I thought.  If you are looking for something like this for your RV, I replaced my LP oven and salvaged the cooktop for reinstall.  It will work in most RV's .  Good luck!John 	meg13	10-20-2015 20:16:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37047284	Frankly, I don't know what I would do without our portable dishwasher! We moved into a tiny place with no dishwasher, and when I found out you can get a dishwasher to plug into the sink I had to have it. We have had this dishwasher for 2 years now and it still works perfectly. You just roll it up to the sink, attach the nozzle, and plug it in. It takes about two hours to clean everything, then you roll it back. The wooden countertop is a really nice for giving you extra counter space. The best 600 bucks I ever spent. 	meg13	10-20-2015 20:16:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33293069	We needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room, and after a few months of use, I can say this one is working out very well.It shipped quickly, with no damage (the box was pretty tattered, but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine). It's large for a countertop device, certainly bigger than most microwaves. Be sure to measure your available space, especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site.I hit some minor bumps getting it installed. The dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded  quick-connect coupler included in the box. The coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet, but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose. There's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this, so I wound up having to install a new faucet (this isn't as bad as it sounds, as we were planning to replace the old one anyway).I brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet. Everything seemed okay in the store, but when I got home and installed the new faucet, I had some trouble. It turns out that the included adapter isn't particularly good quality, and didn't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on.I blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until I finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter. Fortunately, it looks like Danby is using all standard-sized parts, so I was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars.Once I had the thing up and running, it was easy to load and use. The basket is built to hold four full place settings, but I find that with some creative jiggering I can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes, mugs, baby cups, storage containers and what have you. The basket insert is removeable, converting it to an all-glasses tray, which we found useful for party cleanup.The machine really heats the water, so dishes come out clean. Even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up. I've never had to use the heat-boost sanitize setting.It uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid, and you want to be careful NOT to add too much. I made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder (spilled a little too much, figured it would just rinse out, oops) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds. This has only happened once and there was no damage. Call it a learning experience.I saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally won't advance when you start running the machine, and this did happen to me once as well after I'd had it for about two weeks. It hasn't recurred since then, either becuase I've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position, or the timer's wearing in.Been using it steadily several times a week for a few months now, and after the initial hiccups, it's been working fine. No complaints, and now I'm looking for a Danby under-counter mini-refigerator to replace one in the same rec room. I'd recommend this dishwasher, provided you don't mind a little effort getting it dialed in. 	meg13	10-20-2015 20:16:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	had to install new faucet to get it hooked up	false
26653405	I ordered this dishwasher based on other reviews. I was a little worried that a small dishwasher with one arm wouldn't do that great of a job. Having owned a chinese washing machine that attached to the sink, I was also worried about water leaks.As it turns out, neither of those were issues. This dishwasher did a great job cleaning up week old dishes that had been sitting in my sink, and the combined faucet/drain (pictures on the supentown web site) means that you don't have to worry about water going everywhere as long as it's been installed properly. The faucet adapter also has an aerator, so you don't have to take it off to make the water come out evenly when you aren't using the dishwasher.If I had any quibble, it would be that it uses more space than I'd like, but I can't imagine them making it any smaller and still fitting full sized plates. It's easy to detach from the sink, so I can probably stow it away when it's not in use. 	meg13	10-20-2015 20:16:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53646234	Worked for two years, then kaput!  The sump pump that drains water out stopped working and now water sits at the bottom of the unit and will not drain.  Buyer beware. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:25:15	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
39798449	We had our dishwasher for 10 months or so and the low water level light came on. Called Samsung and they tried to tell us our warranty was expired, which it obviously was not since it was bought on Black Friday 2012 and this was before Black Friday 2013. Anyway a tech came out and #34;fixed#34; it once then had the same problem a month later. Now a week after the tech comes out we have the same problem again. We have not been able to use our dishwasher more than we have been able to in the last few months. It takes about a week for a tech to come out then about another week if you need parts. The most recent tech said there is nothing wrong, you are using the wrong dish liquid.... C'mon really, we have used the same liquid since day 1. The only good part I can see is Samsung keeps sending a repair tech out free of charge because it is the same issue, however it is a pain when I work a M-F job. I will be speaking to upper management on my next call and attempting to get a new unit. Please don't buy this product. We have Samsung everything in our kitchen and our range and fridge are amazing but this unit is junk. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:25:15	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
57569190	I've had this thing for six months. Pretty much disliked it a month later. Now, I hate it. Researched but missed the part about air dry. My bad, but this is really stupid and it doesn't work if you don't prop the door open. Yes,I've tried different drying aids. No change. Now it is not getting dishes clean. Yes,I've tried different dish detergents . No change. The dish baskets are very inconvenient . You cannot put a load of dishes like you mom did in her good-ole Whirlpool in this thing. Then I'm told they don't put pots and pans in their dishwashers in Europe . They must use tiny little dishes also. Can't seem to get that much in this Bosch. I mean there is just the wife and I,so how many dirty dishes can we have? I'm on my way now to Lowe's to get that Good-Ole Whirlpool. I'll hook this one up in my garage to wash the paper plates. Oh yea, it got the one star because it is quite. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:25:15	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41121835	Set up was ok, but no instructions for the sink adapter. I got to use mine one time before the sensor thing broke. I called customer service and the woman did not know what she was talking about. She kept telling me to look for things that are in a typical dishwasher, (that's how she described the parts when I asked what it looked like)but I have never owned another dishwasher so I didn't know what to look for. She told me to unplug it for the night and try again. It still didn't drain the water out so I called back. Another woman told me that first woman didn't know what she was talking about and that I need to drain all the water and let it dry out for 24 hours. Then instead of them fixing it I would have to return it to Amazon (even though it's under their warranty) then if the next one that came was broken I could send it back to them. I called again today because I wanted to just get it fixed and I wasn't going to send it back to Amazon. Well they don't fix these units, you have to exchange it. They would rather you exchange it back to Amazon, but if not then you have to pay for the shipping and handling and wait 2 more weeks for another dishwasher. I won't be buying anything else from Haier. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:25:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64357795	My household installed this dishwasher four weeks ago and have run it between one and three times daily since. I was satisfied from the first load but waited a month to review due to mixed reviews in case problems cropped up.In short, this was a marvelous purchase. It is super, super quiet and cleans extremely well. The hidden heating element protects any small items that fall. We use tons of flatware, so we appreciate the ample (but removable) silverware bin. Those in-door silverware holders would be inadequate. I like the countdown timer.Regarding complaints of other reviewers: We have had no problems whatsoever with unwanted odors, wet dishes, or self-starting. (The entire appliance should be powered off between washes, anyway.)The tines that hold dishes in place are laid out differently than other dishwashers I've used, but after a couple weeks, I had a good system going. I actually like that the rows on top vary in width. It holds different size cups more securely when the person loading can place each item where it fits best. There is plenty of height on the lower rack to hold a blender carafe or other tall items.The machine does require rinse agent to operate properly, so be sure you have some on hand. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:25:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62229586	I love my new countertop dishwasher. I've been using it for more than a week. No more dirty dishes on the counter waiting to be washed in addition to no more dish washing!Here are some things to know:1. It's heavy and comes in a big box. You may need someone to help you with it.2. Run the water until it gets hot before attaching the dishwasher hose.3. Follow the diagrams for loading the basket. If your dishes don't face toward the center of the dishwasher, they won't get cleaned.4. There's absolutely no information about the manufacturer in the manual. There's no way to contact them.5. There's absolutely no information about ordering parts in the manual. Guess you're out of luck if you need a replacement part.Comment 4 and 5 resulted in a four-star review. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:29:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Poor customer service	false
19810174	My husband saw this item and I was reluctant to purchase it.......This little dishwasher is GREAT.  It works very well to load up all the breakfast and lunch dishes to run in the afternoon or during dinner.The dishwasher is quiet, until it is emptying and splashing water in the sink.....make sure the sink is empty or it will splash everywhere. Bonus - it keep a stainless steel sink looking very clean!I do have a few plates, etc. that don't fit but nothing that I wasn't already hand washing.  The little shelf above the area where cups go is great for running dish sponges through to get rid of that funky smell they tend to get and they come out nice and clean. (Huge savings for me)This is called counter top........I don't know who has counters that have this much clearance between the counter and cupboard!  I had a kitchen cart that it fits well on and I can wheel it over by the sink to run and then back in the corner until I need it again.My biggest complaint is that I tend to soak the floor after I disconnect it.....no matter how many time is hold the lines up/down and turn the nozzle and try to get all the water out.....part of that complaint is that there is no where to store the cord or hose.  The cord is no big deal.  The house has a tendency to get water everywhere and since they are thicker hoses they are not super flexible.  I took care of that by tucking the connector nozzle end in the front of the dishwasher under the rack, it holds well, but you have to have the dishwasher open.  Another easy solution would be a couple of those COMMAND adhesive hooks.Overall, I am surprised with how well this machine cleans the dishes and how quiet it is.  It does take a little longer than expected but is not unreasonable.When you open the massive box and pick it up....it's lighter than expected, the exterior shell is very cheap feeling, since it has some flex to it, but nothing that impacts performance. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:29:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Wouldn't fit under counter, and it gets water everywhere when she moves it	false
58066288	At the price I paid for this dishwasher, I would have expected a top notch performer.  I most decidedly did not!The various setting, i.e. Auto, Normal, Half are very confusing and seem arbitrary.  The Half setting takes longer to complete then the Normal, and Normal takes longer then Auto.If you have 40 or more plates in various sizes this is a great dishwasher, anything else not so much.  The bottom rack is well designed for plates mostly, but don't try to put glasses in it.  The top rack is very poorly designed, and only a handful of glasses will fit.  And a whole bunch of more plates, small ones this time.If you like unloading the dishwasher with as dish towel in your hand, because this machine dries poorly, this dishwasher is for you.  My 20 year old Maytag that I replaced with this one dried everything better.  Never a wet plate of glass. The dishes came out dry in that one, not so in this one.If I could I would return this machine and get something else. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:29:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
20508925	Don't buy this dishwasher. It is quite possibly the worst I have ever owned. It is quiet, but it doesn't wash anything that is not already perfectly rinsed. The wheel assembly for the racks is very chintzy. The clips holding the wheels broke just after the 1-year warranty. Although the wheel assembly was redesigned, those of us suckers who had already purchased had to pay $40 for replacement clips. Now, at 2 1/2 years the pump motor has gone out. I really expected more from KitchenAid. I am very disappointed and will be replacing this dishwasher instead of repairing. I can guarantee the replacement will not be KitchenAid! 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:29:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15697236	Most important to me was the no leak features since we have hardwood in the kitchen.  I was willing to pay more to get that.  Very quiet, and cleans well.  Important to just scrape not rinse dishes so sensors will determine the length of wash cycle as the water is recycled.  A cycle run with water glasses will be shorter than one with greasy dishes.  Filter needs cleaning occasionally.  The easy to lower top rack feature for taller items is handy.  Removing the top rack to accommodate something huge is also fine but I never use that feature.  Rinse agent and powdered or Finish Powerball detergent for better drying performance is recommended and, at least in my water situation, is necessary.  Uses less water so there is a need to adjust the amount of detergent appropriate for your water hardness to prevent etching.  It's load capacity is a little lower and it doesn't get plastic completely dry.  It doesn't have a heating coil. Using the sanitize cycle boosts the drying.  It is different than the rest.  I wanted durability, water and energy savings, clean dishes, and a no leak feature. If you follow the manual and give it what it wants you might like it.  If I had also wanted super big capacity, a shorter lifespan, and too hot to handle glassware I'd have replaced it with what I got rid of. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:29:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71658277	This dishwasher, tho small, is super.  It washes well...even cooked on cheese is removed.  It is quiet.  It was easy to install.  It is small but there are only two of us and it holds all but our large fry pan. We run it every day. I purchased this as a new install after being without a dishwasher for 10 years.  I'm glad to free up my two legged dishwasher (my husband) for this great product.  I was advised that Frigidare is the best. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:36:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83324287	I own the Miele 2142 which was rated #1 last year by various sites and Miele is still ranked highly with JD Power, as one quickly learns while sitting interminably on hold with their tech support department.  Don't be fooled. The Miele replaced a Bosch which ran without issue for over a decade. Miele is the worst appliance I have ever owned. It does not clean well, it does not dry, it requires regular desoaping with white vinegar as well as cleaning the trap and refilling the Rinse Agent frequently. The service department is inane, and tries to explain that the poor drying is because it is European and Green. Please, spare me. And now back to putting a fan in front of the overheated unit while waiting for a technician to come (one week is the soonest) for the third time this month. If you're reading this review, it is likely you can afford any dishwasher model but that is no reason to pay more for an inferior product with substandard support.  Pay less and get more. Horrible. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:36:34	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45253481	My dishwasher was my oldest appliance, but the time had come for a new one and I love everything about this Amana Dishwasher.Installation was a breeze, old one out, new one in, quick and easy hook up. First impression, it is so quiet. My old one could shake the house, but this one is whisper quiet. It has a couple of settings; Normal wash does a great job at getting everything clean, but the Heavy Duty wash really cleans. I used my outside pet bowls for a test, they are actually old pressure cooker pots, and since they are outside all the time, they get a little dirty. But it took off everything; hard water stains, algae, and about a year's work of dirt and grime. The dishwasher also has a high heat drying feature that can sterilize everything, so when everyone in your house is sick and you can protect yourself.The tall tub design is great too. You can put tall tea jugs or stew pots in the bottom tray because there is nothing for them to get in the way of. The silverware baskets can be placed in several different locations to your liking and have removable hinged lids that can be used to secure small objects. The top tray has a high fence so if something comes loose in the wash it will not bounce around the tub. There are also clips to hold objects and a couple hinged pieces that can hold down objects and they are slotted so they can hold extra silverware if needed.Now it did come with different accessories than are listed above, but that included Finish Jet Dry drying agent and Finish powerball cleaning tablets. I should note the dispenser in the door works better with the tablets and pacs than powdered detergent.Overall, this is a great dishwasher for the price. Easy to instal, easy to use and very quiet in operation. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:36:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85296303	My sweet husband wanted to get me a new dishwasher for Christmas 09'. (I asked for one) I wanted a Maytag, but they did not have one to deliver before Christmas. So my husband got the Lg. Just as many of the other reviewers are saying it broke almost to date, a yr later. Fortunately I had all my ducks in a row and arranged for a repair that day. They took their time responding but about 2 weeks later I got a call from a repair company in the area. The man came out looked at it, ordered the part and was back within a week to repair. It went well thanks to the great repair company employee. However it started making the same grinding noise within a month. It's been 5 months now, God has heard my prayers and it is still running. Unfortunatly, I am having the same problems the other reviewers are having, I also have to open the door and let it dry out in order for the dishes to dry, also if you don't use the specific brand of automatic dishwashing soap and rinse aid everything comes out cloudy and sometimes I just go ahead and wash them by hand! ugh! That is irritating to have to do, considering we spent $900.00 on this Lg dish Not-washer, when I could have waited a week or two for a Maytag @ $450.00. Hopefully they lose enough business to make it worth their while to put more effort into their products to insure they will satisfy the customer. In the future if I have to buy another one, or any appliance for that matter it will NOT be a Lg! 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:36:34	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62836122	The best feature of the dishwasher are the hidden buttons. Since no dirt can get between buttons the cleaning of uninterrupted surfaces is much easier. It is also quiet in operation. 	meg13	10-20-2015 22:36:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40759693	We have had this dishwasher for a little less than a year. I researched for quite sometime looking for a great value, low cost, and great reviews. It seems that combination is very hard to fine. We used this washer to replace a GE washer, which replaced a GE washer. Each of the prior GE washers lasted only about 4 years, and they started having problems about a year into their use. I am not one to spend a lot on a washer. Good appliance like this should be available for less than $500. This one has been great. It cleans well, it's quiet, it cleans really good, it's a good looking appliance, and did I meniton that it cleans great. There was a challenge in the install where there is one unique plumbing part that I had to buy. Which I understand is common now with most washers. It's the brass part that connects from the water line in, to the washer. Why Maytag can't just charge $5 more for the machine and include it is beyond my understanding. That aside, I am very pleased with this so far...Update 11/22/2012 - after a year and a half....still love it. I read some of the bad reviews, and sure there are some little things with the racks that are odd, but over all, it cleans well, is very quiet, and works. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 22:40:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76103216	I was skeptical when I purchased this as I thought for sure this was going to be a big flop and I would end up having to tear up my cabinets and fit in a full size regular machine.  Much to my surprise thin has cleaned everything I have thrown at it and performs much like a lot of the standard machines I have used.  Caked on and dirty dishes not a problem.  Be ready to lean your large plates and such in order to fit them in but it will wash them.  Overall I have been impressed with this machine. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 22:40:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33922710	I bought this dishwasher at Lowes for $485 as a deal because it was the last one they had. It was to replace a GE and the GE had worked fine, but I saw no reson to be brand loyal. I had seen the other gentleman's write up of the machine before I bought it, but it was such a good deal, I took it. I am only washing dishes for three and most of the time we eat out so the dishwasher just gets weird loads of this and that anyway. So it either worked or it didn't and we had 30 days to tell Lowes to pick it up if it did not work. The rack spacing seemed fine to me; it was a good brand; so I decided to give it a try.I have had marvelous success with it. All my glasses and big pans fit into the top rack. The top rack is sloping so really large items fit in it and get a wonderful wash. Also, a selling point for me, you can take the top rack completely out and was REALLY BIG items in the dishwasher. For instance, the literature suggested that when you cleaned your refridgerator, you just take all the shelves out and put them in your dishwasher. Sounds like my kind of machine. Too bad cars no longer have carbeurators,or you could throw that in with your tractor hats and what not.I have had really good success with it cleaning really dirty stuff. I bake a lot and get pans with cake, frosting, dough and all glued to them. And they sit. And they sit some more because I would as soon use a paper plate as to have to unload the dratted dishwasher. So after sitting for 2 weeks, I turn the machine on and the mess is gone and everything is spotless.I do use the Finish Quantum tablets for washing and the Jet Dry Drying agent which is supposed to take the spots off the dishes in a dishwasher that does not have an electric dry cycle. AThe dishwasher actually uses the hot air form heated water to dry the dishes.I live in Arizona and have some of the Worst Hard Water in the Country. Things still come clean and have no spots.I realize that I am not your Normal Dishwasher user, but I think that I am harder on one than most since I only run a full load every 10 or so days and those loads are full of yukky, junky pots and pans that I would normally have scrubbed.I give this dishwasher 5 stars because it has certainly worked well for me.Finish Quantumatic, Refill, 24-CountFinish Jet-Dry Drying Agent, Turbo Dry Action, 6.76 Ounce (Pack of 2)October 16, 2011: I just wanted to add a PS and say that this machine works better than I could have imagined. I put gunky dishes in and let them sit two weeks and this machine cleans them up. That includes baked on Spagetti, dishes that cakes were baked in, and glasses in which I mixed protein drinks. It's a Keeper. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 22:40:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65780285	I moved into to an apartment that has this dishwasher installed. It is very loud, takes a very long time to do a wash cycle, and it barely gets the job done. If dishes are not put in pre-cleaned then it takes several washes to get things like soup rings out of dishes or stuck food particles off of pans. You would think with as long as the wash cycle lasts things would at least come out somewhat clean. It throws the food particles it does take off of dishes onto glassware so you have food speckled glasses at the end of the wash. If I could I would replace it with something better, but for now I will resort to washing dishes by hand. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 22:40:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20218923	When this dishwasher #34;worked#34; it was horrible. Now, just past its third birthday, it is showing a motor failure code and is full of stagnant dirty dishwater. We called our repairman and he suggested we trash it, as these are #34;junk#34; in his experience - and impossible to get parts for. I see from the other reviews that this is not an isolated incident. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 22:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66907412	This machine is the best thing I've bought in years. I live in an apartment and work full-time days and am a full-time student at night so cleaning dishes was always on the back burner. This dishwasher fits perfectly on the counter and cleans great too. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 23:33:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49984696	I wanted a stainless steel dishwasher for our kitchen and purchased the Ascenta because I heard good things about Bosch dishwashers. I made a big mistake. The soap dispenser does not work and the dishes never look clean. Even though this is only a year and a half old I need a new dishwasher.I give this one star only because it looks nice. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 23:33:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59455182	Great bang for your buck. I would say it is a little loud. It does not include any insulation on the body. Adding sound insulation will drastically reduce noise. The capacity is also slightly less than I expected but not so much that it is a real problem. The wash quality is definitely superior to my old model (from the 80s). I like that it has a guide tube so you are less likely to block the spray head that pops up from below. This unit also seems to leave the dishes on the top shelf pretty wet. The unit does not include water-in hookups, only waste water out hookups are included. Another thing to note is that the unit is very light, maybe ~30 pounds, so it is easy to maneuver into position which is good because the delivery service provided for this unit only gets it to the front of your house, Overall I am very happy to have this machine and do not regret the purchase. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 23:33:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
71989129	Love it. This dishwasher came with everything needed to connect it directly to the kitchen faucet. It fits perfectly well on any countertop space next to the faucet and you do not have to pay for professional installation.  However, if you have a big family this might be a little too small for you. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 23:33:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57013471	Plain vanilla without all the bells  whistles, which are just more to possibly breakdown  cause problems. I would recommend  delivery was speedy, delivered right to my driveway  unloaded. 	ctress10	10-20-2015 23:33:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	The available tags are not suitable	false
5933170	I received this counter-top dishwasher for Christmas, on the same day I was to prepare a standing rib roast, 2 whole chickens, and country style ribs and all the fixings for  10 people.  Needless to say, I put this dishwasher through its paces that night.  Yes, I had to reload several times, but for once I could entertain while my dishes were being done. I also have to admit I shoved several dishes into the EdgeStar 6 which wasn't necessarily recommended by the manufacturer, but they came out sparkling.I had a little issue with cloudy residue on my dishes which was easily remedied by cutting down my detergent in half (which makes sense, considering the machine itself is half the size of a conventional dishwasher). I had purchased a tub of Cascade complete pacs and found that if I cut them in half and saved the other half for the next washing, the dishes turned out perfectly.On one occasion, my dishwasher leaked from behind at the hose connection.  Now, before I do a load, I quickly check the hoses are securely tightened (super easy to do) and have not had a problem since.Cleaning the interior, filters, and wash arm is effortless.  The stainless steel interior does not hold odors and cleans easily as well.This dishwasher is easy to connect and disconnect from the faucet, just remember to turn off the water before disconnecting.  It is not as much a tragedy if this happens, but comedic...and you will probably never forget to turn off the water again.The Edgestar 6 is not overly noisy.  The only time it may be noticeable is when water is discharged into the sink.  I take advantage of the water discharge by putting dirty dishes waiting for the next load that need to be rinsed under were the water discharges!  Can't do that with a regular dishwasher.The pause function is very useful and I have been thankful for this feature SEVERAL times.I have been very pleased with my Edgestar 6 and highly recommend it for small families, empty nesters, or someone who does not want to spend the money for a built in dishwasher.  As far a compromised counter-space,  it's small enough to move it if you need to (or get a rolling cart). 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:48:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77680402	I had a fancy digital Frigidaire dishwasher for 2 years that never was consistent and left dishes dirty, soap in the dispenser, tried and tried to fix it and finally gave up. So did they. They gave me back my money!!! I wanted a simple dishwasher without the bells and whistles. One that just washes the dishes and dry's them too. THIS DISHWASHER is fantastic. I can't believe I struggled with the fancy one for 2 years. You cannot go wrong with this one and it is noisy. Who cares? It does what you need it to do. Wash the dishes! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:48:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78051934	It works just like a regular s/w , fits perfectly in my small kiychen counter, so far I'm very pleased. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:48:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59364113	You will regret buying this dishwasher. Buyer beware--nothing but trouble. There are plenty of dishwashers that actually work--I am tired of waiting for this piece of junk to be serviced. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:48:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaint	false
49417053	It worked ok for a while - but now it just cycles through.  The first repair man said I didn't prewash the dishes enough.  The second I need to really wash them more.  Now, it's not working again.I give - who has the answer? 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:48:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
82345876	If you're one who doesn't have the time to hand wash dished, this is for you.I bought this item last month, but only recently was able to use it last week. SO I've been using it about a week, and so far I think it is great. I haven't had any problems with it and my dishes come out nice and clean. I was ify about having a portable dish washer, but I find it works just as good as a built-in.The only negatives I find:-The manual sucks, but thank goodness for reviews online.-I wish the plugs were longer. I have a great spot for the dishwasher in my small kitchen, but it sucks that I need to move it out to the sink every time I need to use it which brings me to my last point...-The wheels for moving aren't that great. For me, I'm a small petite women, it takes a lot of effort to move to the sink. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:56:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43871304	cleans a small load of dishes very well, fits on the counter-top, but just barely. make sure you measure before you buy. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:56:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23658977	We bought the black face version of Samsung's newest dishwasher from Lowes in June to replace a 15 year old KitchenAid that was making a lot of noises that we didn't understand. Within 30 days of the purchase, the printed user interface identification / location labels(a decal over the power buttons and other function buttons) wore off. We had no idea where the power button was - had to tap around the area where we last had the decal. And when it started up it sounded like we were grinding dirt. The normal wash decal was next, followed by the Samsung logo. We informed Samsung on-line and had a service tech out within 7 days. He visited, took the information and ordered a new panel which was installed within 7 working days. But within 30 days the new panel had the same recurring problem. We used no harsh cleaners (water and mild soap only)and the panel was not subjected to any abuse. Yet it didn't take long for the power decal to disappear, followed by the Samsung logo. We are awaiting a new panel. The second fault which can not be repaired is the inability to stack plates and dishes in a pattern that holds more then two meals. The tines are so close togeather they hold only six inch flat dishes, forget about fitting 10 oblong, or 10  square plates along with salad plates and saucers. Our wine glass which have stems longer then 3 can go in the top rack after removing the wine glass holder As for utensils, their handles can not be larger than  3/8 in diameter to fit into the utensil rack otherwise, you have to remove the cover to the utensil basket. This purchase from Lowes has been an expense mistake that has soured me on Samsung products. The only good part of this whole experience is meeting a very conscientious repair man and reputable company in our town.Disappointed in Ocala, Florida 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:56:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
83237560	This dishwasher is not worth it.  We had the computer motherboard replaced in it in August of 2011 (purchased in November 2010) and it was done under warranty.  What happened was that the dishwasher would start, then 15-20 minutes into the cycle it would just stop.  Dishes would not get clean.  For months I thought I was loading it wrong or something so that a sensor would make it stop but that was not the case.  It had a faulty computer and needed to be replaced.  The repair person was at my house for 10 minutes  knew the problem right away because he said that it was a common problem with these dishwashers.Once it was replaced I have to say that it has done a decent job - until last night.  I am not sure of the outcome since the repair person will be out tomorrow but I am sure it's computer related again.  Only this time it will do nothing.  Thought it was a tripped circuit breaker but it's wasn't (we tried flipping it off then on a few times).Also, when we initially installed the dishwasher the toe kick was nearly impossible to install.  I had to use a flat screwdriver to pry the front leg over to get the hole in it to line up to the hole in the toe kick.  This took a good 2 hours total to get this installed!All that said, the KitchenAid service line was helpful both times I have needed to call for service.  I just wish that I hadn't needed to call for service. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:56:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88213339	This dishwasher was purchased for $750 plus tax on Feb. 2, 2011.  Just a month after the one-year warrantee, I had to have it fixed (5E error) and it cost me $152.87; last Friday, Feb 21, 2014, I had to have it fixed AGAIN.  It cost me another $109.15 just to have the guy fish out the broken grey rack tabs (same as before) but now he can't fix it because it also needs an additional $400. work just to get it going again!!  I am disabled and on a pension from work and all alone.  I was trying to save to buy a fridge and stove but this badly designed dishwasher has cost me so much that I will probably have to save for another year or so before I can get a another of the appliances - and it sure won't be Samsung!  I phoned Samsung Canada this morning and they put me through SEVEN people (passing the buck) just to be told that it has to go to upper management and he doubts they can do anything for me as the warrantee is up...I'll find out in 24 hours!  I can't believe this is happening to me!  They should have RECALLED these dishwashers!!!  I am so upset I can't stop crying.  I'm going on every site I can find to warn people about this nightmare of a dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 09:56:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information About the Component Defects that are causing complaints	false
27366494	works perfect!  I live in a travel trailer and over my dead body was I gonna do dishes!  Quiet as it can be and no water leaks. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:18:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58578216	We owned the best version of this model for years - the one with the protruding SS handle bar  controls top end of door but it began to give dirty upper rack problems, so shopped for a replacement.  The appliance store down the street did NOT advise us that the solution might be just a service call away - a dirty screen on the disposal or disposal needed service/replacement.We were impressed with the reviews on Bosch  prices but no SS interior, no disposal, so saved a few bucks on this twin w/o a handle Dec 2012.No handle means one can brush up against the touch controls = resetting/cancelling the cycle, so one must also punch the lock button each time; never got used to that = UGH.Washing was OK at first ~90-95% of the better model ?!?!?!?!The the upper rack dirty problem repeats itself.  On line video shows how to clean/service the disposal, have tools will repair self.Disposal looks like something out of cracker jack box.  A screen filter has a swastika blade to clean/cut debris on a plastic shaft.  After many cleanings it appeared the blade kept coming off the shaft, in fact today 4-22-2014 it revealed that it is so messed up that it must be repaired from below = unit removal, turn upside down, take out guts, install new #34;disposal#34;, repeat every year?!?!?!?Think I'm done with Kitchen-aid DWs if disposal = this nightmare + an appliance shop that thinks mums-the-word = repeat business. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:18:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27277716	As the subject says, this dishwasher cleans very well. Very happy with the quality. However the outside looks awful. Within a week of installation, it has marks all over the front. Looks like stains but won't come off/out. We're so diligent about keeping it clean and dry, but it keeps getting these stains/scratches. When I say diligent, I'm not exaggerating. This has been a frustrating purchase. I'd trash it and go to another model but we invested in it and seems ridiculous to throw that money away. So, I encourage everyone to steer clear of it if you can. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:18:05	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49065973	It was awful. The setup wasn't what I had a problem with, such as some of the reviews I had read about it. The problems' I had with it were that it leaked and flooded my kitchen the first time I used it. All the times I tried to use it after that it would run for 5 minutes and 26ish seconds then shut off, on both the regular and heavy cycles and it NEVER completely drained the water from the unit. And I don't mean a little water was left, I mean the thing was full of water. Needless to say it didn't even clean them, I mean it didn't even run long enough for my Cascade Action Pac to dissolve. I had to tilt it in my sink in order to drain all the excess water from it when it finished its whopping 5 min 26 second cycle. It was nerve racking, heavy, and a complete waste of my time; I would say money too, but Amazon did ever so kindly reimburse me for the worthless piece of junk. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:18:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing these complaints	false
44380617	Overall I'm really really happy with this purchase, I enjoy not having to wash every dish by hand and it has cleared up counter space in my small kitchen to no longer have dishes out drying. The reasons that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 are that 1) with the hefty delivery fee charged they should be able to bring it past the threshold, the box is too large, heavy and unwieldy for someone my size to manage; and 2) I wish that it didn't take almost 2 hours from start to finish to clean the dishes.Other than that I only have positive things to say - its attractive, quiet, and cleans really well. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:18:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30514428	We've had our KitchenAid dishwasher for about two years and it's been nothing but a hassle. The food chopper in the bottom is so poorly designed it clogs at least 4 times a year. The bottom of the silver wear basket broke after about a year. They cost $50 to replace. Don't buy anything made by KitchenAid except mixers. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:53:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
87347971	Just purchased the dishwasher 1 month ago -- heard a grinding sound and it stopped working.  Clearly, this is not the Kenmore we are used to -- probably has a whole bunch of cheap parts inside. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:53:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes	More Information about the specific component defect	false
88787932	I purchased this dishwasher from Sears - thankfully with an extended warranty and lemon coverage.  The dishwasher is garbage.  It doesn't clean the dishes on the top rack properly.  We have had three repair calls for service in the last two months for the same issue:  doesn't drain/loud pump sounds.  DO NOT BUY THIS MACHINE!!  The pump was replaced once - but that didn't solve the problem.  Then the entire bottom chasis was replaced with a new one - same problem three weeks later.  If they manage to repair again I am confident that it will break down again.  There is a major design flaw in the pumping system and an engineering problem with the way the dishes are washed.  Save yourself lots of grief and do not purchase a Samsung dishwasher! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:53:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	*	false
56789095	Ok, no problem with the quality of cleaning the dishes what so ever.The dishes are clean and allthough not completely dry, it does what it has to do. So this dish washer does its job well.We are new with dishwashers so not much to compare with. But our machine leaks.We have used it 8 times now. The first 3 times it was good, allthough again the dishes were not perfectly dry, but that not an issue for us.But the 4th time it leaked a lot.So we read the instructions one more time. It said we have to ad the RINSE AID. and indeed we have not used that. So I filled it with the rinse aid, and yes. The dishes were dry. Only thing. The bottle says to refill it once a month. There is a led (little light)to warn when the RINSE AID is low. The first 3 times ofcourse the led was shinning brightly. But after adding the RINSE AID the LED was off, after we started the dishwasher. But during that very first wash, the Led lighted up again. And the machine is still leaking.We are happy with the machine, because with 3 kids it is an extra help for sure. We will call the support and ask them about the 2 issues. We can not replace the machine, because we live in Aruba. But maybe the seals can be replaced. I am a techncal guy and able to do it myself.I will let readers of this review know what the final conclusion will be.Again, the machine works well; but the leaking is a problem. OK, with leaking we mean. We need to put towels around the machine to absorb the water. The towels do the job, but it is not the idea, I suppose. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:53:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More specific information about the component that caused this leaking complaint	false
42669501	I thought product would be a bit thicker, but since it is so thin it shows any defects on panel 	ctress10	10-21-2015 10:53:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
31407266	Maytag intentionally makes their troubleshooting guide confusing (I have an engineering degree and work with tech docs all the time).  Their web site is rude, demanding personal information just to tell you if the product has been recalled.  It tells you a lot about their attitude to the consumer post purchase.  If you but this you will need to replace it within 2 years. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:02:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More information about the component complaint	false
46649944	Purchased to replace a 5 years old maytag that failed (water leaked slowly from internal heater bolt and destroyed half our kitchen cabinets...). Soooo quiet you can stand next to it while it's on and still not be sure if it is. Really.Takes a long time to complete a run - 1.5-2 hours - but I'm told all the new generation washers are like that.The short cycle - 1 hour - does not clean too well.Overall, considering the price (got it on sale with free delivery/install/haul out), the appearance and the operation - very good buy. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:02:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
86018755	Dishwasher came in a quite sealed box and overall was not as heavy as expected. The connectors for the water supply are simple and straight forward and do not leak at all being hand tightened. I basically never have to wash dishes again so with that said my review of the product is a positive one. The capacity is probably a bit smaller then I expected but I can easily wash two sink fulls of dishes in about three loads. Overall performance of the washing part is good as long as you use the right detergent and correct amount of it. Only thing it has not removed was heavily baked on goods which I did not think it would.Other then that the cycles take forever to go through, but then again I usually run it before I go to bed or leave for work. My overall satisfaction with the drying portion is negative. This dish washer does not dry dishes, it simply heats up the ambient air inside the box and steam dries the dishes. Take into consideration there is no external vent to vent the air. I simply leave the door open for a day, hand dry the dishes, or put them on a drying rack/towel for a day to completely dry. Imagine completely soaked dishes from being rinsed in the sink, now imagine you pick up said dish and shake the water off, that is the drying capability we are talking about. Not too bad though because once again I do not need to wash dishes in the sink ever again (unless they are really big).For some reason mine makes a scraping noise like the hinge is rubbing something when the door is opening and closing. Does not affect the operation at all just an annoyance when you go to close it the door, it scrapes something.Overall if you have counter space, no dishwasher and a desire to have a dish washer I would recommend the purchase of this product. The small problems it has are well ignored for the fact of not having to wash dishes. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:02:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
79333807	I love this dishwasher!! I bought a used countertop dishwasher from eBay (different brand) and after two years I started to have to replace hoses. So, because I liked the countertop type I searched for a bigger place settings. Went from 4 to 6, this Koldfront is perfect in size. It's much quieter than my used one I bought. It has more settings to choose from, which is nice. Only thing I would change instead of a pull to open door, prefer a button to push to pop door open. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:02:22	No Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
44079198	I purchased this and have had it installed for about a week now, we purchased it to wash our baby bottles and all of the pieces that go in to them and a few glasses and dishes every night. I was so sick of washing the bottles by hand I decided to purchase this after I found out that such a thing as a countertop dishwasher existed.There are three of us now so we don't make a ton of dishes.  This wouldn't be suitable for someone with a large family, or even a family with twins unless you want to dedicate it to bottle washing only, or you don't mind doing multiple loads of dishes.You have to be careful when setting up the dishwasher.  The drain hose and intake hose are connected and fit on to a special adapter that hooks up to your sink faucet so you can attach and detatch it easily.  The two hoses then connect to the dishwasher, this is the tricky part, the two connections on the dishwasher are made out of plastic, and while the connections are solid and don't leak, I can see the possibility of these connectors being cracked by accident very easily.  I was extremely careful when connecting the hoses to the dishwasher because of this, don't over tighten the hose connection - and - make sure to test the connection by doing a dry run to test for leaks before putting this in to full use.  I also put in a gfi outlet in case of any leaks.As for the performance of the dishwasher, it exceeds all of my expectations. Everything comes out clean and dry, it doesn't mention anything in the literature about a drying cycle but it does dry the dishes on a normal cycle. I'll keep an eye on it, but for now it's been a great purchase and I'm hoping it'll last for a long time.The only con about the dishwasher so far would be the amount of time it takes to finish, it takes 77 minutes on normal setting, although it does have other settings like a rinse setting which is faster (but basically useless)It also has a screen filtration system in it which needs to be emptied from time to time. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:02:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
31571779	We are renting a house, and our old dishwasher, an Amana from the 1980s, bit the dust. It was a wonderful dishwasher-- it got everything clean and was reasonably well designed. We were hoping the property manager would be willing to invest in a good dishwasher, but unfortunately he decided to buy the very cheapest thing he could find. We might as well not even have a dishwasher-- we basically have to hand wash everything completely in hot, soapy water before we load it. The main problem is that the water only sprays up to the top rack from the bottom of the dishwasher-- there isn't a separate sprayer underneath the top shelf. So most of the dishes on the top shelf don't get cleaned properly at all, and you can't put anything on the bottom shelf except for plates, because otherwise taller items (that can't fit on the top shelf) like water bottles or a French press block the spray coming up from underneath. And the top shelf is so ridiculously short that even some coffee mugs or wine glasses won't fit. Therefore, those items have become hand wash only items for us since they block the spray if we put them on the bottom shelf. So basically we have a bunch of dishes that can no longer go in the dishwasher, and any items that are able to fit and that don't block the spray still don't get washed very well. It is simply the most ridiculous thing I have ever seen in a dishwasher. Definitely invest a little more to get something that actually works. Whoever engineered this model did not know what they were doing. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:08:02	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
88595697	After much research, yes reading the GOOD and the BAD, we bought this dishwasher. Visually we're not happy: our old dishwasher, a GE, filled the entire space. The Bosch has a 1/2 gap all around the opening. However, it is sealed with a gasket that encloses the space. The interior is smaller than most dishwashers we looked at but the ability to configure the interior is what sold us. With the exception of two short rows of tines in the top and bottom racks all others fold FLAT. This has given us the ability to wash pots, pans, large or oddly shaped pieces easily. The size has not been an issue. When we have parties we generally wash more than one load of dishes and this is no different. It took some time and frustration to learn how to load the dishwasher. Referring to the manual, with it's loading diagrams, solved the problem.....should have done this first. Our dishes come out literally sparkling. The dishwasher is so quiet I have walked over to check and make sure it was running. Unless you're standing right in front of the dishwasher you cannot hear it. There have been comments about dishes coming out wet which we experienced at first. However, again after reading the manual and loading the dishes properly solved this problem. It's the tilt at which you place items that makes the difference. Comments have also been made about the long run times but in our research they're not much different than any other dishwasher. Also we run it when we go to bed so the running time is not an issue. It took a few tries at loading, as I mentioned read the manual it's a big help, and I can say we're happy to have made this purchase.  NOTE: do not open the dishwasher to unload until the timer goes to 0 otherwise you will break the door seal and the dishes will not have dried properly. This could be another reason there have been comments about wet dishes. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:08:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
254589	I have two of these units. bought them both at the same time. In the past years we have had to replace the control boards 5 times (2 on one 3 on the other). The boards are ~250 plus labor to fix. You can buy 'em here on line but its not really worth the bother. Steam comes out of the unit and gets the control board wet. It can only handle so many of those cycles.When they work they are quiet but the constant repair is a real hassle! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:08:02	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	*	false
54936990	I purchased my whirlpool in December of 2012, in less then one year whirlpool warranty is sending a third repair person to my house to try and repair this machine rather then just replace it...so its another day I need to take off..the moter has already been repaired,  then replace, and here I am with a water that won't drain...why can't they just replace it rather then send a repair man ..if you buy whirlpool purchase store warranty :( 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:08:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
81628651	I have friends living overseas where tabletop dishwashers are an actual thing. So they definitely convinced me to purchase one. I did my research and found SPT to be a more reliable brand. But I'm sure that if you follow directions and actually remove food properly from your dishes AND use appropriate dish soap, majority of tabletop dishwashers will function just fine. I use Finish powder detergent and Finish Jet Dry and my dishes come out clean and clear every time. If your household consists of two people, it's the perfect size for all your dirty dishes, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it if you have a larger household that creates larger amounts of dishes. You'd be running this bad boy night and day (which isn't terrible, I just don't think it's very fun).My only wish is that it would come with a better faucet adapter, when I'm not using the dishwasher the faucet pressure is strong and I have to gauge it properly so that water doesn't ricochet everywhere.Other than that it's my life saver, I work two full time jobs and I'm a full time student. I've found my one true love. ;) 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:08:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
53201486	The dishwasher looks very nice.  It is very easy to load.  There are a lot of options yet easy to use.  It is very quiet in comparison to other dishwashers.  My boyfriend didn't even know the dishwasher was running as he told me to start the already running dishwasher. I was a little confused when filling rinse aid as I didn't really know how much to add (I fill it to top of oval and shut rinse aid door), like someone else mentioned there is the light that indicates when you need to refill it. In regards to the manual just make sure you know which model you have purchased.  I find the manual easy to understand although I don't really need to refer to it. I really like the quick wash option as I think I will use that most often.  My dishes come out clean; however not 100% dry.  Leave the dishes in the dishwasher well after the cycle has ended or some dishes and silverware will need a little towel drying. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:16:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
45142998	Actually I purchased my Haier Dishwasher in late Oct 2002, and since then it washed my dishes as good and in some cases even better than some of its larger counterparts. However, in the middle of February the machine broke completely down on me, and I was forced to call Haier to repair my machine. Within a couple of days they sent a contracted repairman, and the repairman discovered that the control board of the dishwasher broke down. After some miscommunication on my part, the repairman, and Haier, they finally shipped me a factory new dishwasher. I was without a dishwasher for one month, but since I'm rather patient, I still consider this good service. So, unlike some of the other customers who did not receive such fast response, I'd rate Haier with 'very good' on their customer service (takes time to contract the repairman, send them the cord as proof that I'm not using the machine, and them shipping the machine). Now, if this machine works for a longer time period, it'll get five stars (since it washes the dishes as good as some bigger machines do), however if it does break down again, it would hit the one star rating for me (i.e. not worth buying) ;) Unforuntely, seems there is nobody who had the machine longer than for a couple of months, so I might write an update later. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:16:02	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
63459268	Very quiet and easy to run.  Cleans well too. I HATE the racks.  This is the worst dishwasher to load I have ever ever experienced.  If you only have standard size plates bowls and cups glasses you are fine.  But if you also have pots, odd size bowls, tupper ware, baking dishes forget it.  They just don't have spots for those and a meals worth of place settings.  I also find that it doesn't hold a lot so i have to run it more frequently than i did my 11 year old Bosch which I could cram full and everything still came out clean.Another huge annoyance is that it only beeps to tell you it's finished - and its so quiet that you don't know if its finished so you aren't sure if you just didn't hear the beeps or its still running.Really regret this purchase - what a pain. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:16:02	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
80956908	Although I never heard of the Danby brand before the many positive reviews on Amazon convinced me to try out this dishwasher. I like the fact that it is compact, can be pushed up flush against the wall with no hoses or cords sticking out, and that the controls are so simple. Basically, the controls consist of an on/off (power) button, one knob which decreases the cycle time as it is rotated clockwise, and a start button. As mentioned elsewhere, it is nice and quiet when operating. After a couple of loads I have to say that I'm pretty amazed at how clean my dishes are, and how little water the thing uses. Items such as clear plastic glasses and the parts to my food processor, which always used to look dull after washing them by hand now sparkle like the day they were new.The faucet adapter was bit of a challenge. I decided to add an inexpensive, single tap (hot) bathroom faucet to my kitchen sink in order to connect the dishwasher and still be able to use the kitchen sink faucet. The problem was that the adapter for the dishwasher fits a 13/16-27 thread and the one for the aerator on the faucet was a 3/4-27. Being unable to find any sort of matching coupling at the local building supply I simply soldered the adapter to a bath faucet aerator and the problem was solved. Be aware that coupling the adapter to one of those single-hole kitchen pull-out faucets with the built in sprayer will cause the water to shoot out of the sprayer, instead of being fed into the dishwasher.Overall, I'm pleased with the unit. It was well packed and easy to unwrap. My complaints about it are minor. The wheels could be a bit quieter, and I'll see if I can tame their squeakiness with some silicone spray. The hoses could be a bit longer so that the dishwasher doesn't have to be almost butted up to the sink. Finally, if the adapter could accommodate a 3/4-27 thread it would have been helpful, at least in my case. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:16:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
23556834	Danby doesn't even get a whole star, I chose this rating because it leaks! I recommend getting a used dishwasher, I saw a nice one at a thrift store the other day for $35, kicking myself in the butt......... 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:16:02	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component defect that is causing the leak	false
31828470	Purchased this product a year ago. Looked nice but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. 4 service calls in a year and apparently still doesn't qualify as a lemon! Drainage issue, poor electronics,...run away fast, unless you like washing dishes by hand for extended periods while they figure out how to patch it together. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:23:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaints	false
52378324	Replaced a FUNCTIONING yet older dishwasher that was 12 years old.  Purchased Kitchenaid thinking I'd get many years of trouble free operation!  NOT!!!!  within a month we were seeing that dishes were not coming as clean as our old machine.  4 months later the entire pump assembly had to be replaced.  NOW at 14 months (Two months out of warranty), it won't even light up....DEAD....and I'm told it's going to cost me damn near HALF of what I paid for it to get it fixed.....REALLY.....NEVER, EVER buy Kitchenaid! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:23:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30692933	i just bought this item today and to my dismay it does not fill up with water. its bran new and is BROKEN i guess you get what you pay for ! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:23:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
28667375	I love this dishwasher, It does a great job, but the wash times are long, compared to our old dishwasher, The door does not stay flat  when filling and lower basket rolls in when trying to fill. Silverware basket could be little more stationary but in all I love this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:23:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44669574	We recently moved to a rent house built in the 1950s that had no dishwasher. Now, hand-washing dishes is a chore I absolutely loathe, and with a new baby, I HAD to get a dishwasher. We had an 18 space between the fridge and stove and we found this little gem that fit perfectly. Plus, it gives us some extra counter space in our postage stamp-sized kitchen! This thing really works like a dream. My dishes come out spotless every time. It even has an extra spray arm below the top rack--a feature many full-size, built-in dishwashers don't have!Here are a few tips for use:1.) Keep your manual. The icons on the control panel are not very intuitive, so you will need the manual to know what they mean.2.) It isn't in the manual that you have to connect a little metal piece to the sink in order to connect the hose to the faucet. We tried to figure out how to hook this thing up for 30 minutes before figuring out that the metal piece was supposed to replace the aerator on the tip of the faucet. That's where the hose hooks up.3.) Always make sure the cycle is finished before unhooking the hose from the faucet. This might seem like a no-brainer, but once I thought the cycle was done and unplugged the hose before the water had drained out of the machine and it drained all over my kitchen floor instead of in the sink.The only complaint I have is that the racks are not very well designed. I feel like I could fit more dishes in if they were spaced better, etc. But, really a small flaw for such a brilliant little machine. This was a great purchase! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:23:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
18453580	Works well. It's heavy, at about sixty pounds. I've been using it for about two months now with no problems at all. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:29:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23668647	The Samsung Dishwasher Does not clean, it worked fine for the first few months and that was it, we have nothing but headache, stay away from Samsung dishwashers. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:29:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that cause the complaints	false
74485674	It is difficult to work with, and if you rub the surface too much it starts to lose its finish, and you will have to struggle to get the bubbles out! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:29:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that cause the complaints	false
80007623	Yes, it's small...but it fits on the counter and for two people, it's just perfect.  We don't do pots and pans in it but our dishes and glasses all fit.  The larger plates have to be at an angle but get clean.  It is pretty quiet and really cleans well! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:29:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86546399	I purchased a Bosch dishwasher and it does not clean the dishes, is noisy (which was a big selling point - how quiet it was) when it works at all.  After a big run around from Bosch, bad company to deal with, my machine was still under warranty I brought in a service man that says the computer panel is bad and the door closure is defective.  Bosch wanted me to have it repaired when the machine didn't work right from the start, I contacted them 3 weeks after the dishwasher was installed.  Do yourself a favor and buy another brand.  I have also written to Consumer Reports because they always rate Bosch well. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:29:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57414169	So far, so good.  No problems or shortcomings.  Cleans dishes well and fits a good amount of dishes  silverware for its small size.  I would definitely recommend this machine to others.  It is very quiet and connecting/disconnecting the hose to the sink isn't too difficult. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:31:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32775072	I have had this same dishwasher in white in my home for 3 weeks and it worked great. Then it stopped working and I had an E20 error code. You have to use a Bosch appliance selected company for warranty work, but they have so few it takes at least a week to get a service person to diagnose the problem. Then the Texas parts distributor for Bosch is out of the parts and they have to be shipped by truck from N.C,which will take Bosch 4-5 days, then they have to be sent to your repair person so at least 2 weeks have now passed and you have no dishwasher. After several calls with service department at Bosch they said I could pay for the parts myself and for shipping from Bosch in N.C.~ not much of a warranty. This is their top if the line product and expected someone in customer service to say they were sorry for my problem with a new dishwasher and would work to resolve my problem. Bosch Service representatives are bored and give you a different story every time you call. I would advise you not to purchase a Bosch because service is terrible if you need it. JBW 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:31:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that needed to be replaced	false
78928561	I have a one year old Bosch dishwasher.  For the last four months, dishes have come out dirtier than then went in.  The machine just takes whatever dirt is on the dishes and spreads it around and then bakes it one until everything is covered in a film of filth,  Bosch told us to try the following remedies:1.  Use very little detergent.  I have done this.  It did not work.2.  Do a vinegar cleanse on the hottest cycle.  I did, seven times.  No improvement.3.  Check the spray arms for blockage.  We did find blockages, and cleared them, and it made no difference.4.  Stop rinsing the dishes before putting them into the dishwasher.  We have done this.  It made everything worse.The thing is a huge money- and time-suck.  I feel as though we spent a bunch of money on, and remodeled our kitchen to fit, a nearly brand-new machine that MAKES MORE WORK than if we just washed the dishes by hand in the first place.  I have spent the last four months bent over this machine, fiddling with it, trying to fix it, talking to Bosch, searching the internet for solutions, EVERY DAY, sometimes doing the same load over and over until EVERY DAY I finally give up and wash everything by hand.Bosch's customer service, by the way?  SPECTACULARLY UNHELPFUL. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:31:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
38980379	We're a couple who does HUGE amounts of web research before we make a purchase, but what with this being a fairly new product, there wasn't much to be found. It came highly recommended by our dealer, though, so we went ahead and took the plunge.This is, by far, the best kitchen appliance I've ever purchased. Capacity is amazing - you can get VERY BIG stuff in this dishwasher. Cleaning is great - especially compared with our old unit, which left crud inside many bowls and glasses. But really, you couldn't ask for any better in the cleaning quality department. We do now use a rinse aid, which is pretty much essential with the stainless interior which, by the way, retains heat better and, yes, looks very cool. After a short while, some soap film has appeared near the bottom-front of the tub, but that's easily wiped away.The repositionable silverware basket is a real boon. It fits up against the inside of the door, buying back a substantial amount of space from the lower rack.As far as the noise level goes, we joke to each other that the sound of it is deafening, and cover our ears in mock distress. This is because, as advertised, it's a VERY quiet dishwasher. You can pretty much only hear it when it's either intaking water for the wash, or draining it at the end of a cycle. I've gone to start it only to realize that my husband already has it running.One thing you should know: this unit is not fast. It takes at least a couple of hours to do a load of dishes. That's a result of the energy-saving properties of the design. It does, however, have a one-hour wash mode, and for moderately soiled dishes, i.e.,  just glasses and plates, this works great.Overall, I can't recommend this product highly enough. One thing I wish to share: We purchased our appliances (we built a new house, so needed everything) from a local business, and yes, probably paid about 10% more than at Sears or a big-box store, but we chose to keep the money in our community. And having our service people just a few miles away, and happy to answer questions, etc. has been very helpful. 10% for dealer nearby who cares if you buy from them again is a bargain, in my book. Buy this dishwasher! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:31:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
68345921	It washes my dishes, doesn't leak, was fairly easy to set up and works even on heavily soiled dishes. What more can one ask for in a dishwasher, really? 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:31:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82375249	Guess I'm the first here to review the Samsung DMT400RHS.  Some background first.  We purchased our house new about 10 years ago.  The original appliances (dishwasher and stove) were low end Kenmore.  REALLY low end Kenmore.  Although both the electric range and dishwasher were still functional we decided it would be nice to upgrade with new equipment.  I began searching for a new dishwasher about a year ago.  Almost pulled the trigger on a high end LG but was reluctant as it was expensive (on sale at $799) and the reviews were all over the place.  They ranged from it being the greatest dishwasher ever to being junk.  I passed and kept looking.  Well, President's Day sales came along and there were some good deals out there especially at the big box stores.  (NOTE: I did not purchase the Samsung from Amazon.  I love Amazon but the price at the box store was just too good to pass up.)  I kept searching the net and reading reviews, lots of reviews.  Talked to my wife and she said, ok, but just don't buy the most expensive one as we think we'll be moving in another 4 yrs.  Just get a good middle of the road model.  I narrowed my search down to two brands, Bosch and Samsung.  Both had good products with low noise levels (51db for the Samsung), stainless steel interiors, food disposer, energy efficient, leakage detection, and low water consumption (4.7 gal/load I believe).  Both brands were good looking and seemed to be solidly built and both had units that were stainless steel exteriors.  One other feature that I thought I wanted was a delayed start.  How many times have I started the old noisy dishwasher right before going to bed and had to listen to the whoooossssh and clank as it ran through its motions right next to our bedroom.  Arrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggh!  After reading a bunch of reviews  I decided on the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It was a notch down from the top of the line which meant it was a bit easier on the wallet but it didn't have the time delay feature.  Hey, it's supposed to be quiet.  At least all the reviews I read said so.  Well, that home improvement store that sponsors Jimmy Johnson had it in stock but another big box had it too and was considerably cheaper.  Called Big Box #1 and asked if they priced matched and they said yes.  Off to the store with printed documentation of the cheaper price at Big Box #2 (S**rs).  They said that they only priced matched if it was in stock and it was and they gave me that price and an additional 10% off.  I also purchased a Samsung Electric Range FTQ353IWUX (review later when we've had some time with the range)with the same documentation.  THEN, they had a deal where if you purchased a tax gift card they would credit you back 10% of the amount on the gift card on 18 Mar 11.  Got the total price for the two plus installation on the dishwasher and bought a gift card for that amount and used it for the purchase.  On Mar 18 I'll get a credit and probably go buy a new weedeater.  Ok, back to the dishwasher.  I wasn't home for the install but my wife noticed the difference between the old and the new immediately.  The old Kenmore was cheap.  There's just no other way to describe it.  When the plumber was pulling the old one out she noted that it was just a shell with some hoses and weighed practically nothing.  The Samsung was a different story.  First, it was heavy, second it was enclosed.  Score 1 for the Samsung.  The unit comes with some side plates and a kick plate and when installed looks great.  Score 2 for the Samsung.  This thing is solid.  You open the door and it doesn't fall down like the old one, you have to lower it down.  It closes with a solid feeling something like closing the door of a good car.  No latches to slide you just close it.  The controls (hidden) are on the top edge of the door and I thought that might be a problem as there isn't any room to get to them with the door closed.  Not a problem, before closing the door you set the controls.  Power button (all are touch sensitive) press and wait for the chimes and the other buttons to light up.  Select the wash setting (I've be using automatic but you have the option of normal, heavy or delicate), and then select sanitize (heats up the rinse water to 162F) if you wish.  Close the door and the three blue progress lights on the front of the door light up and then just the first stays illuminated indication washing.  Light #2 indicates dry and light # 3 indicates clean.  So, how does it clean?  AWESOME!  Glasses, dishes and dinnerware come out great.  This dishwasher is so cooooooooool, I just want to find stuff to put in it so I can run the darn thing.A couple of things to note.  First, there is a bit of learning curve to loading this thing.  The racks are laid out a bit differently than our old washer so I have to think about how I'm putting stuff in.  No real problem as there is a lot of room.  The upper rack is a bit different as it is tiered, has four rows and each is a bit different in height.  Short glasses on the left and progressively taller ones to the right.  The top rack also has some plastic holders for stemware.  Nice touch there.  Hmmm, is it Score 3 for Samsung?  The dinnerware holders are a bit different too.  They have lids with cutouts so you place your knives and forks in them or not.  You can flip the top up for stuff that won't fit the holes.  Another thing that takes some getting accustomed to is the wash times.  I think all these new dishwashers take a long time to go through their cycles.  I believe that it's due to their low water consumption.  Whatever, don't expect to put your dishes in and turn it on and be ready in an hour.  Think the was times are closer to 2 or 2.5 hrs.  Doesn't really matter as we usually run it before bed time.  Something that will also take some getting used to is the rinse aid bin.  Now we've always used the 3-in-1 dishwashing tabs (yes, they fit in the detergent bin) that include the rinse aid but the Samsung has a separate bin to put liquid rinse aid in.  I've used the same tabs and they seem to work fine but the indicators on the top lid show a low rinse aid if the bin is empty.  Hmmmm, don't want to burn out the light but do I really need to add a liquid rinse aid if I'm using the 3-in-1 tabs??????  Lastly, my concern about not getting the delay start......no problem.  This thing is quiet, I mean really quiet.  There is no whoooooooooossssssssh or clank or bonk.  Used to be you couldn't have a normal conversation in the kitchen with the old dishwasher now you could put a sleeping baby in crib next to the Samsung and not wake'em up.  Sweet.As you can tell, I heartily recommend the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It looks great (buy some stainless steel wipes to keep it that way), it's super quiet, it cleans great, good feature set,  and it was at the right price.  There are two more Samsung dishwashers, one above this one (DMT 800) and one below (DMT 300) that you might consider depending on features and price.  Additionally, the DMT400 comes in black or white and both are a bit cheaper than the stainless steel.  You won't go wrong with this one.  Cheers04/03/11Update.  Everything is working great.  The Samsung is still quiet and we are learning a bit more about loading.  One thing I have learned is not to load large plates on the bottom rack below the detergent dispenser.  We have a set of plates that are square and quiet large.  Made the mistake of loading them on the lower left side front right below the detergent dispenser.  After the wash was finished I opened the door and the dispenser flap popped open and out came a slightly used washing tab.  The large plate had interfered with the dispenser opening properly. Oh well, adjusted the load so that smaller plates were left front and ran the wash again.  Problem solved.  Other than that, everything is fine.  The Samsung still is very quiet, especially when running a full load.  A bit more noise when half full or loaded with some large glass bowls.  Funny, but when I first started looking for a new dishwasher I thought that Bosch was great.  You know how when you go back to the Amazon page they list all kinds of stuff in the same category that you have been looking at and they listed a couple of Bosch dishwashers.  Well, just checked them out and was surprised when I checked some reviews of similarly priced models to the Samsung and there were complaints regarding build quality ie the stainless steel interior being flimsy.  No complaints here.  The Samsung has a great build both inside and out.  I haven't tried any of the wash cycles other than auto and sanitize so I can't comment on that.  Might have to check them out.  Anyway, I'm loving the Samsung.  I'll turn it on at night and head to bed and TELL my wife that the dishwasher is on :).One of the things I love about Amazon are the reviews so I try and add to them hoping that it will help someone else make a good decision.  If anyone has any questions/comments, send 'em and I'll answer.  Kind of surprised that nobody else has reviewed this model.  Kinda lonely being the one. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:37:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71471408	After just having to call in a service call for my Frigidaire microwave, I saw my awful dishwasher is still being sold and thought I'd write yet another review on this cheap product so others will know not to purchase this. Let me say that I'm no fan of Frigidaire and was heartbroken when I had to leave my new Maytag appliances at my previous house when we sold it.  I had no idea our builder used Frigidiare appliances, so you can imagine my disappointment when I first saw them in the house.  Oh well, I thought.. I'm getting a new house, so I can adjust.  Or so I thought.  I absolutely hate this dishwasher.  The outside stainless portion has rust marks on it and it's so loud you wouldn't believe it.  I have to laugh everytime I look at the Use  Care Manuel because Frigidaire boasts how quiet this machine is.  I don't know what they're comparing it to, but we have to constantly turn up the TV when it's running because it's so loud.  We've been in our house for less than a year and we're already looking at replacing this due to the noise.  And the other people who rated this are correct to say that it doesn't dry plastic, but then I will say that not every dishwasher does, so I'm not going to knock them down on that.  Do not waste your money on this dishwasher, even if it's for a rental property.  Spend a little extra and get a better quality model so you don't go nuts over the noise. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:37:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that cause the complaints	false
59929721	This washer does a great job with dishes, glasses, pots and pans. I didn't expect miracles with this but it performs better than i had thought.Pros:Small enough to fit on top of the counter and under cabinets. About the same surface area as the dish strainer that i had so no real loss of room.Big enough to wash a large pot (5 gallon) and the lid.Run time is about one and a half to two and a half hours depending on the setting you use. This seems pretty standard among washers as i recall.Plugged into the same outlet as the refridgerator and hasn't tripped the breaker. (20amp)Quiet enough that i don't hear it from the next room.Removable metal filter.The biggest pro is I never have to wash dishes again.Cons:Sometimes the door does not latch all the way when closing it. The washer will run for a minute then just stop and beep until you close the door all the way.The faucet attachment is not that great. It drips but probably wastes less water than i used to when washing dishes.Over all it's a great product and serves it's purpose. I've had it for about two months at the time of this review. If it lasts a year i will buy another because it's cheaper than hireing a maid to do dishes for me. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:37:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
49186810	I replaced my builder grade dishwasher a year ago with the Kenmore Elite dishwasher.  So far, the Kenmore Elite has performed wonderfully.  It is very, very quiet especially compared to my old one, it holds a lot of dishes and cleans well.  My only complaints are minor.  One is related to the cabinet front version that I purchased.  The location of the screws to attach the cabinet panel to the front really limits what the cabinet front can look like. The panel needs to be 3/4 inch thick all the way around the very outer edge.  For many cabinet styles that is not a problem but for mine it is.  Also, and this seems to be a problem with most new dishwashers, the connection size of the water line is different now on one end than even like 5 or 6 years ago so you have to buy a conversion piece at the store or through amazon.  It is irritating to receive a product and then realize you have to go to the store and find a piece in order to install it.  The manufacturers should know better.On a separate note - if you are replacing your dishwasher because your dishes are cloudy now but they weren't in the past, your problem is more likely related to the changes made to detergents so they have less impact on the environment.  I think it was phosphorous that was removed.  Anyway, consumer reports tested all the new detergent formulations and identified a couple that still do a good job. One was the cascade complete little pacs.  You have to get the one that says complete which not surprisingly is their most expensive one.  It does make a difference though. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:37:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
19972049	I love the dishwasher. The only tip I have is...make sure everything in tightly attached. The hose wasn't attached all the way In the back and it leaked. Over all I'm glad I bought it, it works perfectly! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 11:37:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
45172829	I have had no problems with the dishwaser. There is only 2 of us and it works great for us. 	agilay	10-21-2015 12:44:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53019900	Bought this one because it was a Consumer Reports Best Buy.  It has a MUCH larger capacity than my old one, which is good and bad, because I only like to run it when it's filled. It's also much quieter and I love the control panel.  Overall it's a good machine, but I HATE HATE HATE the silverware basket.  It's way too small and if you put anything tall on the left side, the soap door won't open.  Plus, the basket is made so the front can swing open, which it tends to do when I least expect it.  I wish I'd kept the basket from my old dishwasher. 	agilay	10-21-2015 12:44:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
56250951	We purchased one of Frigidaire's similar stainless steel dishwashers (model # FDB4315LFC0) after the Lowe's salesperson advised it was one of their best selling models.  We've always thought of Frigidaire as a good brand, so did not hesitate to make the purchase.  Unfortunately, it didn't take long at all to realize this was a bad purchase.  In the short time that we've had this dishwasher, not even one load of dishes has come out fully clean.  Even when the dishes are pre-washed, there is invariably what can only be described as a layer of debris left caked on the inside of the dishes.  At first, we thought maybe it was just new product bugs that had to be worked out.  We've tried giving the dishwasher a thorough cleaning, changing dish detergents,  using additional cleaning agents and pre-washing the dishes, all to no avail.  We will never again purchase another Frigidaire dishwasher, and will likely not purchase any Frigidaire products based upon this one experience.  Some may think it harsh to evaluate an entire company on one purchase... however, most people can't afford to risk having to replace an appliance every year. 	agilay	10-21-2015 12:44:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59811727	Worked great from the start. I've been using it nearly every day, sometimes several times a day. Space is a premium, and money is always tight. This was a perfect choice I'll never regret. Easy to set up and simple to use, without wasting much energy or water. Easy to clean up food bits, and always seems to get things clean. Nice loud beep when it's done with a load.Edit: after being used several times a day for nearly 2 years with our very hard water it began to have issues. At first it was just a little leak but very quickly that became a huge mess as all the water dumped out all over. The seal at the bottom looked as though it had been rubbed away. Perhaps with less use it may have lasted longer. I don't regret the purchase, I just think this was meant for much lighter use. We replaced it this year with a Danby 8 place portable dishwasher. 	agilay	10-21-2015 12:44:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
68621194	For months i was on search for a countertop dishwasher. I have looked at different models and finally narrowed down my choices to three. I purchased Haier after reading the feedback from others. Product is truly compact, less noisy and even is smarter enough to beep you after the dishes are done.  Comes with an attachment that would snap to a kitchen's regular faucet. the attachment is easy to snap on and off to the faucet.. making it easier to use the kitchen faucet,... more useful when  you cannot change the plumbing at your home. 	agilay	10-21-2015 12:44:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77206922	Our Samsung steel tub dishwasher model DMT610RHS required repair within 18 months due to a defective rack bracket.  $1000 for this purchase and it didn't last 2 years before repair was required.  We were quoted $50 for a technician to come to the house.  The charge ended up being $180... and the repair was required due to a Samsung quality issue that they refuse to acknowledge despite several other customers leaving similar reports on their Samsung product website.  The rack bracket broke and a piece of hard plastic was stuck in the pump.  Sincerely, I have never experienced such poor customer support.  Please do your homework before purchasing a Samsung dishwasher.  We could not find a local appliance technician to service the dishwasher as they said the support is lacking, and the replacement parts are too hard to source. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:07:55	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62039942	This dishwasher has broken three times in 5 months...always the same part (control unit!)...KitchenAid customer service is terrible! They won't replace this lemon and it takes many days to get the part for servicing!!!I would NEVER purchase ANYTHING from KitchenAid ever again!!!! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:07:55	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35469542	This is far the worst dishwasher I ever had. It does not clean Period. The detergent does not dissolve. the detergent door doesnt open some times. Repair man says he cant find anything wrong with it! unbelievable! Stay as far away from this dishwasher as you can unless you like to wash your dishes before you put them in the dishwasher! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:07:55	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
76782666	The dishwasher is just how it was described: small and compact, but functional.The instructions were very unclear and caused some subsequent stress while putting everything together.Overall, I am satisfied with the product. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:07:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear instructions	false
42851144	We are not impressed with this dishwasher.  It had odd connector to the sink, water source so after 3 trips to the hardware store we finally had the right parts only to find no cord to plug it in. After yet another trip to the hardware store we finally got it hooked up.  Loaded it up and discovered it's so loud we won't be able to be comfortable doing other work in the kitche while it's running and had to turn up the TV in the living room, down the hall. The top rack of glasses, bowls didn't get clean as there is no water source on the top.  It all comes from the bottom.  Poor design.  Wish I hadn't purchased it. (Our previous dishwasher came with all the right stuff to hook it up but quit working just after the warranty expired.  Would have cost as much to repair it as purchasing this one did). 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:07:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51350838	I have been moving around apartments for years and as luck would have it, none of the apartments I have found had dishwashers in them.  Portable was the only way to go if I didn't want a mountain of dirty dishes constantly in my sink.  Two other brands of portable dishwashers lasted a year each and did a middling job cleaning dishes.  This one on the other hand has already lasted longer than the other two.  It also takes up the same amount of space, but because of its layout, can fit more dishes inside.  It even cleans the dishes better than the previous ones I had.The best feature however is in the base.  There is a plastic housing designed to catch food and repeatedly spray it with water to pulverize it down.  Food that can be pulverized is sent down the drain, while larger pieces that don't break down are caught more efficently than the simple strainers found in other portable dishwashers.This was just a well thought out design for a portable dishwasher. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:11:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28344704	I love this little dishwasher. It does an excellent job and is easy to clean out. The hoses are in great shape, even after a few months of wear and tear. It does take three loads to wash all the dishes in the house, but hey! It's a great dishwasher for a reasonable price that fits in my tiny kitchen! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:11:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80857784	I've had my countertop dishwasher about 2 months now, and I love it! It was incredibly well packed; easy to install; (ladies, ask someone young  strong to lift it out of the box and onto the counter for you) quiet to use; everything comes out sparkling. What more could one ask? I did find all the reviews and videos helpful. Most were Amazon, but some were on U-tube. Order yours today, and throw your rubber gloves away!Happy in PA. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:11:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37396623	I purchased this dishwasher in June, and had it installed by a master plumber. The dishwasher would not work, I kept receiving an E1 error code. After talking to Danby customer service several times, It took almost a frustrating month and many calls to get a repair tech to come look at the dishwasher. It is fix now, after he had to replace internal wiring parts of the brand new dishwasher. #128533; 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:11:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
87462192	I am bsically happy with this product. I will point out, that it is very imprtant that the water connection be hooked up securely and the cold water on fairly high or all the way.  This is my second dishwaher of this type and I believe i burned out hte first one by not turning on the water more than half way whenI ran the appliance. For what it is, it doe a great job, runs quietly and doesn't seem to use a whole lot of energy. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:11:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88071329	This is a terrible dishwasher. We've had it for six months and are currently awaiting our third visit from the repairman. It started leaking twice and now will not switch from the pre-wash to the wash cycle [it just drains itself and then shuts itself off two minutes or so after starting.]  Even when it isn't broken, it doesn't work very well. You're likely to get a whiff of last night's Chinese take-out from your coffee mug, even if you rinse everything beforehand. Finally, the construction is unbelievably shoddy-- the top rack is currently in the process of separating itself from its track. Buy a different dishwasher. We wish we had. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:13:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45238092	Of all the LG dishwashers I've looked at this one looks the closest to that discontinued model, so I decided to write my review here to warn others NOT to buy LG.Positives:*The most quite dishwasher I've ever owned, you had to be within just a couple of feet of it to know it was on.*Incredibly water efficient, used VERY little water.Negatives:*Took up to 3Hrs. to finish a cycle, what it saved in water .. wasted in electricity.*Food particles left on say a pot, would end up on ALL the dishes and everything would have to be washed ANOTHER 3Hrs!*If the Jet Dry ran out, the dishes wouldn't come out dry... Even after a 3Hr. Cycle.*Had to increase the Heating Element on my Hot water heater in order to use Tablet Based Dish Washing Detergents... otherwise there would be fine particles left over from the tablets all over all the dishes, requiring them to be washed again.*After 1year of operation the highest setting would only work intermittently, I would push the button for it and it wouldn't work, so I'd have to put it on a lower cycle most of the time.*Attempts to get LG to service the dishwasher went unanswered and even appointments that they would set up, never actually happened.*After 18 months the Medium cycle would stop after about a half hour with an error code, and dump the contents of the dishwasher.  Only then would it allow me to wash in the High Cycle ... but only if I set it to the High Cycle within about 15 min of the Med. Cycle dumping out.*Calls to LG to service the Dishwasher, AGAIN went unfulfilled, as appointments that they would setup would never actually happen.*3 years after purchasing this dishwasher, it stopped working... the motor that dumps water from it kept running and I had to pull the plug on it.  I called LG, only to be informed that my warranty had run out! (The Warranty actually says that the motor is Guaranteed for 5 Years, but I had enough and I'm now going to buy something made in the U.S.)LG makes REALLY good looking appliances that are all absolute JUNK!  I bought an LG Washer  Dryer and Refrigerator in July of 2008 and the dishwasher in Feb. of 2011, The Dryer had to be replaced in April of 2011, the Refrigerator in Novermber of 2011 and the dishwasher now has to be replaced in June of 2014!  I Bought all the units on sale, paying between $150 to $400.00 off full retail, but the Dryer was $700.00, the Refrigerator was $2400.00 and the Dishwasher was $650.00.  Not exactly the #34;El Cheapo#34; prices you would expect for junk that doesn't last.  They charge premium prices for very good looking appliances that apparently don't last the test of time! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:13:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48941809	This little dishwasher is great for apartments or kitchens with limited space.  It has more capacity than a Frigidaire model that I replace it with and does a great job getting the dishes clean. For a household with two people it is the perfect size. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:13:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68495290	I'm giving this product two stars rather than a one star because I'm cheering for it, but I'm really not happy with my purchase so far.  I plug it in and it seems like it's going to run, but then it just starts beeping and beeping.  No error, just beeping.  I have yet to have a successful wash.  I will call Danby on Monday, so I'll update this review when I find out more. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:13:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
70076412	This machine is huge and heavy. It didn't even have the proper hose. I had to call California for that. It does not clean dishes properly! I ended up junking this elephant - what a waste of money! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:13:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	did not include the correct hose, but the hose itself did not have a defect	false
48764550	We purchased a Fisher Paykel double drawer in 2006- I am on a first name basis with the repairman!  we have had the motor replaced three times in the top drawer and once in the bottom.  Several times the latches that close the drawers have broken.  Now we have a hose that is leaking into our basement.  I love the concept of a double drawer but as the repairman says- double the things that can go wrong. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:16:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41276077	First of all, thank you all of the Amazon reviewers for your detailed reviews; it made setting it up WAY easier.  As others have mentioned, this is the GREATEST THING IN THE WORLD.  It is a sad comment on my life that a small kitchen appliance makes my life, but whatever.  My observations:- yes, it was heavy.  Two people should lift it, but I managed to haul it up onto the countertop my by own weakling self after dragging it over to the sink on a dolly.  When I unpacked it the front was wet, like condensation.-I was petrified that it wouldn't fit under my cabinets.  I measured over and over and over to be sure, and it DOES fit, clears by less than an inch - exactly as I had measured it.-hooking up the hose was a tad challenging, as other reviewers pointed out.  READ THE REVIEWS before you start - you'll get lots of good pointers!  The instruction manual didn't quite give me enough information.  But, in less than an hour, and using an adjustable wrench, much unladylike invective, and, finally, some Jack Daniel's, I figured it out.  The part I stumbled over the longest was getting the fitting that attached to the faucet back into the plastic collar (the part attached to the hose) to which it was supposed to attach.  There are 4 little springy balls inside that collar. To get the fitting in there, you have to push up on the collar to retract those little balls, and then the fitting slides right in and you can snap it securely.  You can remove the collar the same way, and leave the fitting screwed into the faucet so that you don't have to screw anything together (or apart) between loads.-I tightened the hoses with an adjustable wrench - NOT TOO TIGHTLY, since the threads are plastic - after reading reviewers talking about spraying.  If you tighten them enough, they won't spray.-The silverware basket is removable, of course, and there is another rack that is removable for convenience.  It fits a surprising amount in there; I washed a lot of silverware, several dishes, and a large glass baking dish.  I worried about my dishes fitting (10.4 inches), but since the dishes lean forward slightly (as in any dishwasher) they cleared the top easily.-Some reviewers mention that it's noisy.  I didn't think it was any noisier than a regular dishwasher.  Occasionally the sound changed, so I'd go check and make sure it wasn't leaking or spraying.  It was fine - no leaking.  Also, the manual mysteriously refers to the machine mooing.  My machine did not moo.  If my dishwasher started mooing at me, I'd GTF out of the house.-My dishes and baking pan were GLORIOUSLY clean!  I used both dishwashing detergent (the pod kind) and the drying agent.  I am much happier knowing that my dishes are more sanitized than I could get them by handwashing.-The hose disconnects easily, and will have to drain after you unhook it.  I just keep it in the sink (right next to the dishwasher).If I could give this SIX stars I would!  My kitchen is scheduled for renovation in 5-6 months and frankly, I was ready to just use paper plates and plastic forks for half a year!  For this price, and the freedom and sanity (not to mention sanitizing), this will be the greatest thing you ever buy!UPDATE:The dish soap compartment didn't open for two loads.  I figured out why after the second one: make sure nothing obstructs the soap dispenser once your dishwasher is full!  Since it's a small dishwasher, that's easy to do if you're packing it.  If your dispenser door doesn't open, it probably isn't a defect. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:16:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	soap door wouldn't open but it was her fault, not a defect	false
16359022	Like you, I read many reviews of many dishwashers to replace our beloved 10 year old Bosch. This dishwasher looked great and I ignored the bad reviews, as it had a good rating in Consumer Reports. Well, that was dumb. Not only was this a pain in the neck to install, it hasn't ONCE cleaned a load of dishes well. Like other reviewers we tried different detergents, rinse agents, loading styles, etc. Our water is not hard and plenty hot. The dishes literally were dirtier after we ran the machine. They were covered in film, unusable, and not at all clean. I've never seen anything like it! So, after 6 weeks, we are returning it and probably going back to Bosch. I've never had such problems with an appliance before, nor have I reviewed one before, but I feel so strongly that I had to share my experience! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:16:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
89016986	We have had this dishwasher for almost 2 years now.I live just outside of town and we have hardwater. When the dishwasher started throwing codes at us we called the Samsung service line as directed in the manual and someone came out in two days. Being under warranty we didnt see the need to pay attention to what he did, but it was fixed and we were on our way. Two months later it happened again. Luckily the same guy came out and he told my husband it was due to our hardwater build up and it was an easy fix. Just add VINEGAR once a month through an empty cycle and 2 years now and we haven't had any further problems.We really like the sloping top rack. We have tall beer glasses and it's great for these.The dishes normally get clean, but I have a few issues where things dont come off all the way. I do want to state that we let our dishes set with food caked on for a few days before we DO NOT rinse, but just throw them in the washer. This is probably why we have an issue here and there. ALSO it's harder to remove food that stays like melted cheese and such.I will admit that one of the top rack adjusters is slowly breaking. This adjuster is used to lift and lower the top rack depending on the height of the load. Looking up parts it is a $10 fix and we can do it ourselves. So yes some people complained about this, but $10 does not seem that bad to me.It has an area for wine glasses also that we use frequently and it cleans them great. I have yet to have a broken one also. One of my biggest worries. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:16:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	issue was caused by hard water build up	false
15136655	I initially received the wrong color dishwasher but the seller fixed the issue very promptly and was very courteous.The dishwasher itself is great, it is very quiet and cleans well. The only issue is I wish that some of the prongs were further apart so that we could fit some fatter items into the dishwasher (pot lids etc.). The dishwasher is a great size for our small kitchen, it wheels around well and the stainless steel inside is great. So far there have been no problems! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:16:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
15270756	I bought this when we moved into our single-wide trailer.  The kitchen is not large enough(nor will our landlord allow us) to install a dishwasher.  I knew from our previous rental house (that had no dishwasher either) that I hated doing everyone's dishes by hand every night.  $240.00 shipped to my door was well worth it.  For my wife and I, this thing is just big enough.  It holds a day's worth of dirty dishes, even though I cook from scratch quite a bit(I use lots of dishes).  In terms of wash quality, I have been quite impressed.  I always rinse dried food from pots and pans before inserting, though.  Using the rinse aid, it has even been able to slowly remove the cloudiness from our set of glasses.  My only complaint about this unit is the whining noise that it makes off and on.  Though I cannot speak for other counter-top units, this one seems very impressive.  If you rent somewhere without a dishwasher, you need this thing! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:22:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
47407150	When I realized I wasnt going to hand wash my dishes, I decided to invest in this. It was worth every penny. However, I have realized that on a few dishes, there were soap suds. I'm still experimenting with how much soap I should put in, but I figure that would go away. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:22:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	soap suds on dishes, but hoping she can fix it by putting less soap	false
91984986	I'm not adding anything anyone else hasn't already said about how bad this dishwasher is.  Not only is horrible, LG has THE WORST customer service on the face of the planet.  Just stay away..... 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:22:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65159816	I was going to buy this dishwasher because it would match my fridge and microwave, the Gallery line.  So glad I saw your reviews.  Saved me a lot of headache, it appears. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:22:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83084871	In spite of all of the negative reviews, I purchased this product a couple of weeks ago.  Here's what I found:  It fits perfectly on the counter space I had, but then again, I measured before I bought it.  Noisy?  Yes, but then again, what did you expect?  It's a portable countertop dishwasher and sounds like one.  It does what it is supposed to do.  Washes dishes. The dishes go in dirty and come out clean.  Works for me! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:22:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No	noted that it's noisy but they expected that	false
63572589	We've owned this dishwasher for three years.  The jets that spray the water don't have filters over them so food particles get inside the sprayer, which constantly redeposits fine particles on your dishes, meaning they are never clean.  You literally have to scrub off every bit of food before putting it in or they will just recirculate and deposit the yuck!  Also it takes forever to do a normal load.  90 minutes for a normal load, up to two ours for the adaptive load.  The silverware caddy constantly pops open, and the silverware goes flying when ever you try and remove the caddy.  It has these strange attachments on the drawers that I have never been able to figure out.  Now, something has gone wrong with the computer, and it won't start.  It flashes #34;clean#34; constantly and won't let you start a cleaning cycle.  I don't think ll even pay to get it repaired.  The only good points is it does look good, i like that you can raise and lower the top drawer ro accomodate different height dishes, and it is quiet.  A vey expensive product that fails the most basic test of cleaning dishes. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:30:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64750024	I have a Bosch dishwasher.  It does clean the dishes but when it is done itkeeps beeping all night long until you get up and go shut it off.First off, I really don't care when it is done.Secondly, I feel it is running my life.  And it has this piercingbeep it does which drives you completely nuts.I hate it and consequently I hate the machine.  Bosch needs to get a grip.No one wants that.  I have written them twice and they don't even botherto respond.  It certainly isn't fair that I would need to call a repairman andpay about $100.00 or so to get it to stop this stupid alarm. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:30:21	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	constant beeping and cannot get it to stop	false
79121293	This is my second Danby.  The first dishwasher I used for 7 years and it worked great.  The newer model is very easy to use and cleans the dishes great.  My only problem is the bowls.  I've tried at least  10 different shapes of bowls and as of yet, I haven't found one that fits. Otherwise very good machine and great if a large dishwasher won't fit. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:30:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	can't fit bowls	false
61240520	We bought a Bosch dishwasher for about $700 shortly after the 2009 recall (dish washers bursting into flames due to electronics issue.) We thought that the quality issues were limited to a single electronic component, and previously the company had a good reputation.The dishwasher cleans dishes... so we should be happy, right? In the past year, the control buttons and the plastic countdown window have popped out one by one. Today is my second round of DIY repair. The reason for repeated button loss is now very clear - the front fascia panel is made of a thin panel of ABS. This is not just a decorative panel - the stress of door opening with every use is applied to the panel, which is now cracked. Because of a design flaw, the cracks propagate right into the button area - so I no longer have a way to keep those buttons from falling out.Parts are available on the Bosch web site. only $86 plus shipping for the fascia and the missing button. The replacement panel will have the same design issue as the original, so this may buy me a year, 2 years or three of intact dishwasher.For environmental and financial reasons, I expect a dishwasher to last about 15 years. I am very disappointed by the substantial repair time and cost caused by an under designed appliance part.model number: she45m02UC/53part of doom: panel-fascia 478810 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:30:21	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52641406	I've had my dish washer for about 2 weeks now, and I have to say, it has been the most satisfying purchase I've made in years. Even if it broke tomorrow (which I worry about from reading other reviews), it'd be worth the money for the pleasure it's given me.The unit I have is the 2nd generation model (with only one sprayer, on the bottom.) Its not exactly compact -- its deceptively tall, but fits my counter with an amazing .5 to spare. :)The quick release hose for the sink works great, although the little nozzle that remains when the hose is disconnected is pretty pathetic -- I bought a little spray nozzle from Lowes that I clip on when the dish washer isn't in use.The basket isn't huge, but fits plates and frying pans with a little jiggling. I actually took my basket out and turned it around, which puts the silverware basket in the front, which I prefer. My only complaint is that the wheels seem a little too small for the track, and it occasionally falls out of place when moving in and out.The interior is plastic, which is fine with me (less likely to chip), and the exterior is the same as any white appliance. My unit arrived with no damage, unlike other reports. They packed it amazingly well (straight from the factory), with plenty of bubble wrap. Perhaps they heard?I agree with other reviews about the loud beeping at the end of cycle - its annoying, but no big deal. And you can always clip the speaker.It tooks some experimenting, but using a generous squirt of Palmolive (about 1/3 cup) and the longer heavy cycle generally leaves my dishes squeaky clean. If you don't pre-rinse your dishes, stuff tends to collect on the filter, but its easy to clean. Even when I put in dishes with caked-on-grease, it cleans them well. Some of my pans with long-since burned-on grease have begun to flake clean.. amazing!The unit is comparably noisy to any dishwasher (maybe a little less).Overall, its a terrific unit for the price. The manual was a little slight, but much more comprehensive than reported. I'd buy another one in a heartbeat. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:30:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20433666	Machine arrived in good condition. Quick hookup. Seems to work fairly well. Drying function is inadequate, but if you let dishes sit in machine for a while they fast dry. Think the dryer button is not working properly, but can't tell. This may be normal for the machine. Racks to hold dishes can not be filled. If you put as many dishes as there are spaces, the dishes will not come out clean. Also make sure you put silverware with service end up, or they may not get cleaned.Will reserve further coment until I see what happens.I got this machine, because I am having a redo to my kitchen and there will be no sink to clean dishes in, shortly. This serves as a viable option to disposable cookware. Hopefully the machine lasts long enough till I get a new sink installed. May be a year. I'll have to wait and see. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:38:42	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50890775	We've had this one for about a year.  The serviceman has been out four times.  For the first time in years I broke down and bought the extended warrantee after today's visit, since the chances are that other things will go wrong in the next year. A fuse failed twice.  The cover panel failed once. An electrical part was defective.I've never had an applianced with this many problems.  Save yourself the hassle and buy from a different company.UPDATE:  Since posting the review we have had two more service calls.DOUBLE UPDATE:  Since the last update, three more service calls.  Fortunately, we spent the money for a one-year service contract to extend the original guarantee.  At this point, I'm going to accept the fact that Kitchenaid dishwashers are of dreadful quality and buy another brand to replace this one.Whatever happened to appliances that worked smoothly for 20 years? 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:38:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23040288	I was disappointed with this product as well as all of my other Frigidaire appliances. The dishwasher specifically has heating delays constantly. There is not a problem with my water heater or the installation of the dishwasher. Both have been checked by a professional plumber recently. The dishes do not always get very clean and the machine makes strange noises sometimes. To run the dishwasher on a normal cycle takes about a couple hours because of this heating delay. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:38:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54516356	I bought this appliance on Sep 30, 2008. The plastic quick connect part (connects hoses from machine to faucet) broke into seven pieces on Oct 23, 2008.  When I called for a replacement part under their warranty policy I was told they were on back order and expected delivery was in two weeks.  I asked for two so that the next time this flimsy part broke I wouldn't have such a long down time.  I don't think I've had enough time to rate the washing capabilities yet.  Watch this space for further updates! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:38:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
38618563	Good purchase overallPros:- It washes the dishes- Don't have to prewash.Cons:- Small,  cannot put many things in it.- It worked in my faucet and the installation was VERY easy.- I cannot wash pots and pans because the are heavy.- Sometimes the dishes are not well cleaned.  They look good,  but there is a subtle smell to egg,  I'm using a good soap,  so,  I think that I'm filling with many items. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:38:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35062103	I chose this dishwasher cause it had great reviews on every site that it was sold on and because of the price and size.It is as great as everyone said it would be.It really fits a lot of dishes and looks pretty too.  I got a cart and roll it into the closet when I'm not using it.  One of the best purchases I ever made for my small apartment! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:42:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21061680	I've been thru 3 maytag dishwashers in the last 6 years, I have to say they just aren't what they used to be. This is my first Bosch appliance, I was a little disappointed with how long it took to arrive (2-3 weeks) but I must say it was well worth the wait! Quiet as can be, dishes come out sparking clean. All 3 of my maytags were the quiet series and they were pretty quiet but they don't even compare with the Bosch. I love the rack placement, good design, I wish I had a couple more features like quick rinse all in all, you get what you pay for and this one is worth every penny so far, hopefully it lasts. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:42:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20717750	I bought this model at home depot for about $800.  It worked great for 10 months then the direct drive broke.  Service tech came out and repaired it under warranty.  It's been about 10 months more and I'm sitting here writting this review listening to the drive grind away toward complete failure a 2nd time.  How do you build a $800 dishwasher that breaks every 10 months.  It's not even worth repairing it again.  A horrible, horrible, pathetic, expensive, poor quality LG dishwasher.  I highly do NOT recommend this. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:42:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60506710	*Updated - See below*Do not buy this machine, or any other Danby product for that matter, because their customer service is nonexistent.I owned my Danby Portable dishwaser for about 6 months before my latch broke and the wash cycle therefore would not start. I live in Hartford, CT, and I called ALL of the service centers listed on Danby's website in CT and they either stopped working on Danby products (which I will address later), or they would not travel to Hartford, or they would not return my phone call.After a week of waiting for a return call from the messages I left, I decided to call customer service and they actually gave me a service phone number that would come out to look at my machine and repair it.After the repairman looked at the machine he told me that he needed to order a part for it. A week later I called the service center and they stated that the part that I needed was on backorder for 4 weeks.I called Danby customer service and stated that it was unacceptable that I should have to wait 4 more weeks for my dishwasher to be available for use. They told me that it was not their responsibility and to return it to the place that I bought it. I called the retailer and they stated that they had neverheard that before and that they would call Danby and verify this statement. I called the reteiler a week later and they said that they had left several messages and Danby never returned one call!!!After this I relunctantly realized that I would have to wait until the part came in. A full 6 weeks after the initial service visit I called the service provider. they stated that they have not receieved the part yet and that they severed their relationship with Danby because of the extremely poor customer service, parts backordered, etc..... but they would honor their commitment to me whenever the part came in.The convenience of this portable dishwasher is dwarfed by the incompetence of Danby's customer support. I will never purchase another Danby product again, nor will I ever recommend one to anyone else. I will however, make it a point, that if someone ever mentions the Danby name to me again, to ensure that they walk away from the conversation feeling exactly the same way about Danby that I currently do.**UPDATE**Ok, after I finally got so fed up that I called Danby again. And, to my surprise the woman that took my call actuallly listened to my story and told me that she was sorry and that she would get a replacement machine to me right away. The machine came in 3 business days and they took away the broken one.The whole experience that I went through with this machine has been less than memorable. Although the machine works very well and the fact that it was eventually replaced still does not overcome the grief that I was put through by Danby's customer service. The fact that there was one good apple in a basket of rotten ones does not change my mind that this machine and all Danby poroducts should be avoided due to lack of customer service. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:42:45	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	terrible customer service experience in addition to latch breaking	false
79646334	Solid steel tub construction. Stainless steel outside.  rolls around easy.  Solid counter top.  Buy this one, you will not be disappointedOnly complaint is that my dishes really piled up before it arrived, but that reflects on me. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:42:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84172298	I bought this dishwasher about a year and a half ago and it's run perfectly from day 1. The only reason I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the manual really sucks when it comes to installation directions. I actually ended up looking up a manual from another brand of portable dishwasher and using their instructions (same install for both).Other than that though the dishwasher is great, it washes everything from pans to silverwear. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:45:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Terrible manual	false
73469710	This LG dishwasher has not worked properly since I bought it.  A warranty repair was done in November of 2009 as the dishwasher did not drain.  The dishwasher is not draining again.  I have made several phone calls to LG attempting to get another warranty repair.  LG staff has informed me that they cannot get anyone in my area to come and repair the dishwasher and asked that I provide the purchase receipt and they will exchange it for a new one.  It is pretty stupid for Home Depot to sell LG dishwashers in Northern California with a one year warranty when they do not have repair companies to service them.  Save your money do not by LG products, they are junk! 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:45:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
88393406	My husband and I have always wanted a dishwasher, and I was very excited about this one after seeing the good reviews. When ordering I used all my Amazon rewards points on this, really hoping it would relieve me from hand washing all the time. The first few loads came out quite disappointing, it didn't even wash the glasses as clean as other reviews had indicated, sometimes leaving stains on glasses that weren't even dirty to begin with. We decided to give it a few more tries, and now always set it for the heaviest wash setting in hope of making things work better. We rinsed or soaked the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher, but the glasses and a few plates always come out with stains. We ended up having to hand wash part of the loads all the time. It didn't really make our chores any easier.The reason we haven't sent it back yet is the size and weight of this product. It was quite a pain to bring the package up the 3rd floor and open it, and I wanted to make totally sure it was cruddy before going to all the hassle of sending it back. We live in a small apartment, and have a tiny kitchen with only one sink. Now I just feel it's becoming smaller and I end up having to clean more dishes and the dishwasher itself. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:45:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
36214414	The dishwasher works well and is easy to use. It came damaged in shipping. It doesn't have any hose or cord storage. The hoses and cords are fairly long and it would be nice to have somewhere to clip them to or wind up on. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:45:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	complaints dealt with shipping and lack of hoses in the package	false
20195067	I only deducted one star because my bigger plates don't seem to fit in the dishwasher. I suppose if I put them in at an angle they would fit, but probably only one or two. As far as I know they're just standard sized plates. This doesn't really bother me that much because the thing I really hate washing is silverware. You can fit a ton of silverware in this dishwasher as well as four glasses, two bowls, a couple of small plates - or some glasses, silverware, a pot and a pan.. I live alone and this is just fine for me. The dishes always come out completely clean and it runs pretty quietly. Can't beat the price, either. In the box it seems really heavy and awkward but once I opened it up I was able to lift it onto the counter by myself without a problem (and I'm a 100lb girl, so I'm guessing anyone can probably do it). Great for renters like myself. 	meg13	10-21-2015 14:45:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	certain plates don't fit	false
23077141	After more than 4 repairs, the dishwasher still does not work as it's suppose to. None of the service providers want to come and deal with this unit. I think I have been bounced back and forth between Electrolux and Service providers. Poor quality of the product and totally BAD customer service and satisfaction. I had service provider come to my home more then 4 times with the same result. The same parts were replaces more then 4 times - and still the same. And all Electrolux was saying that the dishwasher is fixes. It is fixes when it washes dishes which it does not. The problem started with the installation - the instructions DO NOT SAY that the dw needs to be installed at least 1 inch below the counter top. But this is what tech support demanded. The motherboard was replaced twice, the front panel 4 times, it was reinstalled twice - still it would work only for one-two cycles then would have to take a days (or more) rest before it can wash dishes again. The CANCEL button does not work at all, nor does the fluid censor. STAY AWAY from FRIGIDAIRE products. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:14:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71788467	This nearly new dishwasher failed in a spectacular array of flashing lights and gut-wrenching sounds.  We nick named it our little 'Cylon' as it became more than an appliance, it became our house-hold, stainless steel nemesis.  The dishwasher would come to life on its own and would refuse to turn off until we literally pulled the plug.  Amusing to watch our kitten's reaction to the demonic Cylon, but there are more inexpensive forms of entertainment.  Fortunately, mine was covered by a warranty, but after $800 of repairs, the repairmen (several tried) and insurer gave up and our 'Toaster' is now probably enjoying its second life as an automobile bumper. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:14:42	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Complaints: Noise and other	false
59074378	The Bosch SHE65T55UC dishwasher is a good step up from my old 1980s-vintage one, and I am pretty satisfied. But there are a couple gotchas.First, drying performance is not great on some items. One reason the Bosch is so energy-efficient and quiet is that it doesn't have any kind of forced-air drying system or any openings to vent steam. It dries by giving the dishes some extra-hot water at the end of the cycle and then running cold water through the side walls, which causes the water evaporating from the dishes to condense on the sides and run down to the bottom. This works great for regular dishes and metallic items, but plastic containers (Gladware, etc.) don't retain enough heat to make the water evaporate and the water just stays on them. So you end up with a dishwasher full of perfectly dry plates and silverware but sopping wet plastic lids and containers that you end up having to hand-dry.The layout of the slots is more opinionated than I'm used to. In my old dishwasher I could put bowls and mugs on either the top or bottom rack in a bunch of different places and at different orientations. The Bosch bottom rack basically won't handle my bowls at all because the slots are more densely placed to allow a greater number of plates to be loaded, and the tines are long enough that coffee mugs don't reach the base of the rack and kind of flop around if you try to put them on the bottom. Since I tend to use more bowls and cups than plates, I'm sometimes finding myself completely filling the top rack and then having to run a load with a half-empty bottom rack because the additional items I want to put in just won't go on the bottom.However, even with the three-quarters-full loads, I think I'm still using less water than with my old dishwasher, and the dishwasher is delightfully quiet which was my main concern. The third rack is very handy as well, perfect for washing chopsticks and large spoons. So in general I give it a thumbs up for anyone whose typical dishwasher load consists mostly of things other than plastic containers and lids. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:14:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
9951371	I purposely put VERY dirty dishes and pans with dried on eggs, gravy, oatmeal and other junk on them WITHOUT pre-washing just to see how much this dishwasher would get off. I was absolutely surprised when the cycle was done to find SPOTLESS dishes. So... not only does this dishwasher LOOK fantastic, it cleans EXTREMELY well.My last dishwasher was a Kitchen-aid and cost about half what this one did, but underneath, Kitchen-aid is Whirlpool junk and it started having problems just 5 years old. I have better things to do then replace a $600 dishwasher every 5 years. Do yourself a favor and get something that looks great and will LAST.Also, we thought the Kitchen-aid was quiet. We were WRONG! This Fagor is so quiet, you barely know it's on, and that is NOT an exaggeration!Fagor is best known for their COMMERCIAL level appliances and are made in Spain. I can attest this thing is rock solid, and installation was very easy. A cool feature is that the rear leg (for leveling the unit) is accessible from a port in the FRONT! How cool is that?I would recommend this dishwasher to ANYBODY who is tired of their Chinese made appliances breaking down so frequently.By the way, the look is great. It can be installed completely flush, there are NO logos or controls that can be seen from the front. It looks like a custom install, but fits in any standard, under-counter dishwasher opening.Here is a tip for drying: When the dishes are done, a little chime goes off. The drying is MUCH better if you crack open the door when it's finished to let the steam out. (Included in the installation kit are steel and vinyl steam protectors for your cabinets or counter tops if needed). 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:14:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83661599	As a single person in a studio apartment, I absolutely love this dishwasher.  As someone who hated hand-washing my dishes, my only regret not getting one sooner!. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:14:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
63449673	Do yourself a favor and don't buy LG...I have both an LG dishwasher and LCD tv's..they have both broken multiple times and they are only 2 years old. LG has some major quality issues and customer service sucks!!!!! 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:25:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	No component identified	false
45167768	It's small but fine for my family of 3. I don't wash many pots and pans in it but it is great for the rest of the dishes. Easy to install (I did it myself). To save counter space, I had my dad remove a shelf from a bottom cabinet next to my sink. The washer fits great and the doors close when it's not in use. The drying agent light never worked properly but I can tell when it needs a refill. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:25:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
21603309	We purchased this dishwasher 15 months ago and liked it because it cleaned well and is extremely quiet, but had problems with the top rack almost from the beginning. By the time we figured out that the wheels had broken due to poor quality construction, we were 3 months out of the one year warranty. We contacted Kitchen Aid, who couldn't have been less interested in helping us, and they said all they could do was send a guy out for $129, charge us for labor on top of that, and split the cost of the parts! Needless to say, we are done with Kitchen Aid. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:25:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Rack assembly defect	false
68476999	I recently bought the white exterior version. So far, so good, but with a few caveats, which are enumerated below.It replaces a 14-year-old Kenmore [KitchenAid, I believe] unit that evidently rusted through the interior door panel, causing a short in the control circuit board. Instead of attempting a repair and risking future water-induced electrical failures or even a fire, I shut off the power and water supply and decided to replace it. Installation was VERY easy, and the instructions were clear and easy to follow.1) I greatly miss having a progress row of LEDs, telling me which cycle it is on. (That will be another $200 for a higher-end model, please.)2) As others have noted, the soap door is somewhat flimsy and temperamental, to the point that I treat mine VERY gently.3) I also greatly miss having a rinse-and-hold cycle. (That will be another $200 for a higher-end model, please).4) I got the hang of cycle cancellation ala Bosch (treat it like a computer and hold the on button for awhile), but the Kitchaid had a convenient and much-appreciated drain-and-cancel button.5) The lower rack's wheelset is flimsy, and it is VERY easy to get it off track. This was never an issue with the KitchenAid, for which I do not recall ever having a rack derailment. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:25:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	Complaints:  display options and component quality	false
29324399	Received on time in very strong packing.  Easy to install.  The instruction book tells you everything you need to get for the install and explains it very well.  If you have limited space or wish to save cabinet space this is the dishwasher for you.  Also runs quietly. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:25:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24445772	- One strong person with long arms can pick it up and move it.  It's about as big as an extra-large microwave.- It was easy to swap out the faucet-nozzle-thingy.  I think I did it without any tools, just uncrewed the nozzle that was one the sink and replaced it.  I can swap it back easily when I move out of this apartment.- The one downside of the nozzle is that when the dishwasher isn't attached, the water tends to shoot out of the faucet rather more aggressively than it did with normal cap, and thus I tend to splash myself more.- It doesn't work quite as well as a full-size dishwasher in terms of stuff that's stuck on or chunky, but normal dishwashers aren't really that great at that anyway.- My dinner plates don't fit into it very well, but no one complains about eating off of the salad plates and just taking seconds.  If you host a lot and were planning to use it to wash dinner plates... you won't be able to.- So far, I haven't had any problems with it breaking or leaking (I've had it for about a year). 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:31:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
33293070	This is my third countertop dishwasher. The other two were from a competing brand (starts with a D!). The SPT is better in several ways.There are a few more cycle options available than on others, which is nice when you only have a small load to do. The operating noise is significantly, dramatically quieter than the competing ones; often I simply don't notice it running until the end-of-cycle beep goes off.SPT includes the adapter needed to connect the hose to the faucet in the kitchen sink. Strangely, the other company doesn't include this inexpensive part in the box, leading to an inconvenient run to the hardware store before you can install.The unit is tall enough to wash 9-inch dinner plates with no problem. It's able to hold at least four full place settings easily, plates, bowls, cups and all. It's fine with coffee mugs. It can be little awkward washing tall glasses (like iced tea glasses, for example), because the sliding basket that holds the dishes has relatively short pegs and a lot of open gaps in the bottom. However, you can stand the taller stuff near the front edge and it seems to stay put. You just can't do more than a few things that way in each load. The silverware basket is very nice, with special compartments to keep pointy things from poking through and blocking the rotating sprayer.Installation was a breeze. The hoses thread onto the back of the unit (I happened to have some teflon plumbers tape handy, so I used it to prevent any possible leaks). The (included!) faucet adapter screws onto the threads on the faucet and has a washer already installed, so no trouble there. The power cord plugs into a standard household outlet. The unit is fairly tall, so be sure you have room under your cabinets before you order.The instructions are complete and easy to understand. Routine maintenance is very straightforward.The unit does a good job! Dishes are clean. There's no drying cycle, but the wash cycle seems to get everything so hot that dishes air dry nicely if you just crack the door open at the end of the wash cycle. Using the recommended rinse fluid prevents spotting, resulting in nice, clear glasses. No complaints here.Overall, after several days of running it at least a couple times a day, it's done very well with no surprises. It's only been a couple of weeks, so it's hard to make any guesses about durability or lifespan, but the build quality seems solid and it's running well so far. Small appliances can become worn out surprisingly quickly. I'll keep an eye on this and update the review if anything noteworthy happens in the coming months.There are no revolutionary improvements over the competition, but a lot of small, thoughtful touches throughout make the experience of using it a much better one. I recommend it. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:31:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35394685	I have had this product for 2 years. My son and I enjoy this appliance and its convienence. We run it every other day during the week and three times a day on the weekends. It holds a Caraffe from our Mr coffee Tea maker and all the odd utensils we use. For really small items I use a baby bottle lid and nipple plastic cage. Some small plastic cups flip over during a wash cycle, I am looking at creating a net of some kind for light weight dishes. I have noted that it does not have a liquid detergent dispenser. We fixed that challenge. My son put a small spice lid in the bottom of the washer and filled it with detergent. The lid holds about one ounce of liquid as the washer goes through the initial pump cycle. Then as the water is pumped in it mixes with the water and cleans the dishes. I have it on a counter next to the sink. Easy to plug in and use. No leaks. I have been toying with the Idea of permanently hooking it up to the water and drain plumbing. Got a few Ideas, will let you know how it works out. cannot say enough good things about this appliance. Sold the full size dishwasher a week after this one arrived.To Clean the dishwasher I run an empty cycle with a bowl filled with 1/2 cup of bleach, loaded upright in the large dish area, once every other week. More often if we run it more than usual like during the holidays. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:31:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
2391650	The door handle is not really a handle, but just curved area where you pull to open door. It is the plastic part across the top front where the buttons are located. The major flaw is that over time, four years for us, it cracks in both directions. You likely won't see the cracks until they get long because they are under the bottom edge, in both directions from handle area. Costs $130 for the cheap plastic part, called facia panel. I guess Bosch engineering is not very good. I will no longer buy anything from Bosch. It's Bosch's loss because we are shopping for new stove and refrigerator too. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:31:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
30217570	I am jealous of the people that have only had their FP double drawing dishwasher repaired 5 or 6 times. A  E factory service have been to my house about 15 times since the end of October 2009. I am not exagerating. And today, still no dishwasher. Out of the last 100 days, the unit has worked about 20. And both drawers have worked about 15 days. I purchased the unit in May 2005 for the home I was building. It was installed in July 2005. The 1st service call was in August 2005, and its been about every 3 to 6 months every since. This past Thursday, the AE tech was there again. Its leaking from somewhere AGAIN and needs another main board. Of course, we won't know where its leaking from until we order and install a new main board so we can run it and look for the leak. Luckily, I did buy an extended warranty so I'm not out of pocket yet. But that goes out this May. The AE tech called FP from my house and they have agreed to replace the unit. They told him they would call me last Friday to arrange deliver. At 6 PM Friday evening, I finally called them. They told the replacement had just been approved. Yea right. I am supposed to receive a call tomorrow or Wednesday about delivery of my new dishwasher. I don't think I'll hold my breath. If FP does as they have promised, I will be sure to report that as well. Remember, run the opposite direction. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:31:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33770708	This Whirlpool Gold dishwasher is very quiet.  The dishes come out clean.  The slots in the front basket could be a little larger, but it's not bad. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:39:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70236057	This dishwasher is an absolute piece of garbage. From day one we had trouble with it getting dishes clean. Unless we use the heavy duty cycle, we have at least half a dozen dishes come out filthy dirty after a wash. And the cycle takes forever to run. The top rack always seemed flimsy and tonight, after having had this thing for less than 2 years, the wheels on the top rack snapped right off. We very nearly lost an entire rack full of dishes. I cannot say this strongly enough--do not waste your money on this dishwasher. We are stuck with it now, but I'm sure it will die soon given it's general poor quality and I will never, ever buy a KitchenAid dishwasher again. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:39:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48731759	I love this dishwasher.  I permenantly installed it under the sink.  It gets the dishes squeaky clean.  The ONLY downside is that if you have extra big dinner places, they don't fit in the dishwasher easily.  Otherwise, I am able to wash everything.  I use the fastest cycle and have never had anything come out dirty.  It is fast, quiet and very efficient. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:39:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17931557	I was hesitant to buy this dishwasher, as I heard bad things about the effectiveness of the top rack. I've had it a week now and it's excellent. I tested it with spatulae slathered with peanut butter; squeaky clean when done. It's ridiculously quiet. The cycles are long; you're looking at an easy 150 minutes. Still uses less water than running the faucet for two minutes. I've installed a couple hundred dishwashers (part of my job) but this kind is a bit of a pain. You need to wire a terminal block which has a fixed male line. Also, there is a lot to the back end of this machine, unlike most midrange dws. In other words, it is 24#34; wide top to bottom all the way back. Integral supply line and drain lines are a bit of a bonus though, as is the worm operated front-back leveling foot.In short: excellent operation, not for amateur installation. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:39:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45041433	Bought this diswasher from Lowes 2 years ago and just had to replace it.  In the two years, the control panel broke, it leaked 2 times all over my kitchen floor and the wheels on the top rack broke 4 times. Rack components were very cheaply made and they charge you $25 a piece for each plastic component.  I finally replaced it when I had literally spent as much fixing it as I spent on it.  Kitchen aid was zero help in compensating me for the lemon of a product and they would not publish my review on their kitchenaid site. 	Jsargent	10-21-2015 15:39:50	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54913423	We have all BOSCH appliances in our 2 year old home. This dishwasher has had the motor go out, the front come completely off so that we cant open the door, and the racks and sides of the dishwasher are rusting. I've had similar experiences with the other appliances. The repair guy said their appliances aren't what they used to be and you don't get what you pay for. I couldn't agree more. Customer service is very helpful.....just pay them a million dollars and they will send a repairman out....save yourself a lot of money and buy the cheapest appliance you can find and it will still be 10 times better than BOSCH. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:21:35	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
40193836	When we bought it, it looked very modern with many features.  We had it 6 months. The first thing to go is the top shelf height adjusters. I bought new ones, they need to be replaced now.  The thing does not drain. I get a constant SE error message. Loosely translated, it means the pump is bad. If you really want a dishwasher, consider a rock and a creek stream before wasting your money on this thing. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:21:35	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
438293	This dishwasher has solved so many cleaning related skirmishes in my household. It works great in my teeny studio apartment. The hose hookup is super easy to connect, and we no longer run out of forks. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:21:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83026841	Numerous issues with product from the get go. Within a few weeks of having the dishwasher, this sticky residue started appearing on front panel and will not come off. I assume from the plastic under the panel that the technician installing failed to remove. KitchenAid again failed to fix because it was cosmetic and not covered under warranty. A month later, the insulation melted out. A little over a year later, the soap dispenser stopped opening during the wash cycle. So none of my dishes got cleaned unless I opened the dispenser mid-cycle. The motor for the dispenser is made of plastic and melted out. The technician said he's seen this numerous times and that KitchenAid failed to recall it. KitchenAid refused to backup the product because it was over a year and out of warranty. Paid $205 to replace and ONE DAY after being fixed, it melted through again! Defective product. Poor quality and customer service. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:21:35	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69931654	it's quiet and beautiful and expensive, but it's totally worth it to have a nice great dishwasher that will last for years! 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:21:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68345921	It washes my dishes, doesn't leak, was fairly easy to set up and works even on heavily soiled dishes. What more can one ask for in a dishwasher, really? 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:26:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69536509	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned.  I thought it was a high end appliance but wrong.  I have had a repair person  out several times and they replaced the control strip on the front. The last time it only work for about a week then it always states there is an hour until a wash cycle starts.  If you push multiple points you can get it started but even then it does not clean well.  I have purchase close to $100000  over the past several years at Amazon and have never written a review but feel this is necessary to protect others from a bad decision. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:26:40	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41345840	We've regretted buying this dishwasher!!!  We've had NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS.  Multiple error messages that have required in-home support.  Water backing up in the dishwasher, draining on the floor, etc.  What a mess and then they make you wait 3 weeks before they come to fix, before another problem happens.AVOID LG DISHWASHERS.  BUY AT YOUR OWN RISH AND WITH FULL WARNING 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:26:40	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
85948056	This dishwasher is amazing, I would recommend it to anyone!! I've had bad experiences with other dishwashers but this one is great!! And that is an awesome price for the quality!!! 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:26:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33027547	It's been over a month since i purchased the Danby dishwasher. And it has been a fantastic month. I've previously read about issues with the unit, cleaning issues as well as quality issues. I want to say i have experienced neither. This new model [ddw396w] works flawless and cleans very well. it is solidly built with a high quality stainless steel interior. it washes whatever i throw at it.if you have a tiny kitchen or live in an apartment with no regular dishwasher, i'd highly recommend this model. 	agilay	10-21-2015 16:26:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75289523	This looks pretty and one would think the higher end would get you something good but it doesn't. We have had four service calls in 5 weeks, nevermind two of those weeks were after we moved in and couldn't use because of a bad gasket and leaking. The gasket was replaced and then the door wouldn't stay closed. Service person thought maybe he put the gasket in too tight so ordered another and two days after 'fixed' it did the same thing. Someone has to stay in the kitchen at all times when it is running- only a 108 minute cycle.Also, it is not as big inside as you would expect. Yes, it comes with all kinds of baskets and clips and such but we removed most of them. I feel my old GE Profile held a lot more and cleaned very well- though I otherwise despise GE appliances- the dishwasher was awesome. This Electrolux requires almost complete scrubbing of the dishes before placing them in there- it should be renamed 'dishsanitizer' b/c that's all it seems to be good for. And, to note: I only put dishes in mine- never pots, pans or casseroles.Avoid purchasing at all costs. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:39:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
79133240	I purchased this dishwasher from Lowes to replace my el-cheapo I been having for about 7 years.I really liked this one b/c it was nice looking and ENERGY EFFICIENT (OMG, that is a big false advertisment).It took about three days of me using it to realize it runs for almost four hours on the energy saving setting, so I changed my settings to quick wash,still ran for an hour and a half and suprisingly enough my dishes were never completely clean even running half the day,lol.Also, the rubber around the door kept falling off.Unfortunately, I took my lose and gave it away and went back to my trusty el-cheapo. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:39:59	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Latch Component Defect: Rubber Around Door Keeps Falling Off	false
74513490	[Pros]It is really quiet.It looks great.[Cons]The hidden controls make it a little annoying to use. It's not a horrible problem, but it's inconvenient.This marketing claim is untrue: Eliminates the need for pre-rinsing by quietly grinding up food particles and washing them away. If you don't pre-rinse your dishes and you leave food on them, the dishwasher won't be able to grind the food well enough for it to pass through the pipe to the air gap or food disposer. What will happen is after every wash your 'clean' dishes and your kitchen will smell like garbage. I have called for repairs almost every other month now and the problem is still there. Eventually KitchenAid even denied my last repair request. KitchenAid really needs to either fix this problem or to eliminate the aforementioned marketing claim.Another problem contributing to the problem is a factory defect that prevents the water from completely draining. This also leads to the garbage smell issue.Kitchen Aid does not stand by their products. Their customer service, support, and warranty terms are just not good enough for a higher end brand. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:39:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about their factory defect that prevents water from completely draining	false
49725370	This works great for just my wife and me. A little hassle to hook up each time but worth the bother. My wife loves it. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:39:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42262465	This model is not for anyone who does not run their dishwasher every day.  This is what I was told by Bosch.  It does NOT have a heating element for drying dishes.  It does not dry plastic items, but that is the least of the problems the lack of a heating element causes.  The water cannot evaporate because it is a closed system so unless you use the dishwasher daily, the dishwasher will smell like mildew.  Bosch offered me two options:  1) I could always leave the door open when the dishwasher is not being used 2) I could hang a Finish Dishwasher Cleaner on the top rack.  I thought the second option was reasonable, but didn't want to go with the first option in my new kitchen.  I placed the FInish Dishwasher Cleaner in the dishwasher and used it several times as Bosch suggests.  (It takes several cleanings so the inside can become coated.)  A few weeks later I noticed that anything plastic, including my very expensive silicone items, all smell like Finish.  When I eat food out of my plastic bowls, the food now smells and tastes like Finish.  Bosch says there is nothing they can do as the dishwasher is working as intended.  This dishwasher is rated 3rd by one of the Consumer Reports ratings.  I called them and asked them to PLEASE add a paragraph in the dishwasher section about purchasing dishwashers with no heating element for drying.  Please consider how often you wash dishes prior to buying a dishwasher with no heating element for drying.  Also remember there is a seperate heating element for the water so read carefully when the specs says it has a heating element. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:39:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Component Defect: No Heat Element	false
24638665	I bought this because I wanted to idea of having a dishwasher, even though I wash pretty much each dish before putting it in.  I love the convenience of not needing to install an entire cupboard unit, and the sleek size.  I did have to get a little creative when placing on my counter though as my upper cupboards are not high enough for this unit to fit under.  It is quiet, is not excessive in water usage, and I have had no problems of leaking washers as previous posts have suggested.  The only bugger is that once a wash cycle is done, and I open the cover (as directed in the instructions) the smell, I don't know if it is the new unit or the Cascade that I use, is a little strong.  I will have to experiment with other products. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:47:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	No		false
59678806	We've been using this dishwasher regularly for about 3 months now, so I can't comment on its longevity. However, so far, we're very impressed. This model is extremely quiet and gets dishes very clean with minimal pre-rinsing. I've seen reviews of other Bosch models that complain about the dishes not being dry when they're finished, but we haven't had that issue at all. Just follow the instructions and use some JetDry, and you won't have problems.So far, a quality product. We'd definitely buy it again. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:47:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18657855	compact and works well. Great for trailer or appt. it was a good investment my girlfriend loved it and stuff 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:47:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85596599	I bought this to replace my noisy GE dishwasher, and it is indeed very quiet.  What i didn't know is that it's quiet in part because it doesn't have a built-in food grinder like my old GE.  The result is that if you don't get even the minutest particle of food off a dish before you put it in the dishwasher, the filter and/or drain valve clogs, and then you have to bail out the water, remove and rinse the valve, scrub the filter, and reassemble the whole thing.  Unless you actually wash your dishes by hand to a spotless state before you put them in the Miele, you'll spend a lot of time de-clogging your expensive dishwasher.  My GE was noisy, but you didn't even have to rinse the dishes before putting them in, and it never clogged up.  I regret this purchase. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:47:02	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88826456	I cannot give a proper review of this item as it was never used by me.  The one star rating is only made because a rating was required.  The box was not properly sealed and the machine had dents on one side and the screw on that side was crooked.  When I opened the door it did look new but there were a couple small drops of water inside so I suspect it had been used by someone at sometime.  I was disappointed as it would have been a welcome addition to my kitchen if it had arrived in new and perfect condition. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:47:02	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60336801	UPDATE: 3-22-13.  I have used the dishwasher everyday. It has done a stand up job, cleaning well even the few times that I've put in way too much stuff. I usually open the washer after running to let everything dry completely. (faster after a normal load, since it is heated before finishing) It seems to be a quality machine and it has made our lives better.  Highly reccommended!Original Review Below:We received the dishwasher yesterday and I am very happy with it!  There weren't many options that I found for dishwashers like this but the 15 reviews that I found here on Amazon helped me make the decision, as usual. (5 reviews for this color and 10 for the identical machine in stainless, which wouldn't go with my other white appliances.) It arrived well packaged and I had to help the gal from FedEx get it out of the truck (122lbs). There was a hole in the box, but the machine was fine. It was easy to set up and is easy to use.  I have run two cycles so far, the first on the default, normal, and then today on speed. After the normal cycle, I had to open it right away, since there were items that I needed to get out and use. I then left the door cracked to let some moisture escape.  A lot of the heat had escaped when I got the stuff out and the dishes were still a little wet, but I did not use a rinse aid.  After the second cycle, I propped the door open about a half inch, but did not open it. This trapped the heat inside so the moisture was more likely to evaporate, (at least that's what I tell myself...) when I opened it 20 minutes later, it was considerably drier than on the first load.  I'll probably try some jet dri one day, but I it doesn't seem necessary. The machine is quiet and it has a nice stainless interior.  It seems to hold a lot considering its outer dimensions. It is just the same height as the counters and the stove that it sits between, so it adds continuity and useful counter space.  I'm a stay at home dad and I've been getting tired of washing dishes all the time! As someone else pointed out, while it's great to not be washing dishes all day, it's also great to have the counter tops clear! With no dishes piling up and getting rid of the drying rack, I have a nice clean counter top and that's something to be happy about! Another positive from my perspective, is that with its load capacity, it works great for a load a day. We don't keep a lot more dishes than we need in the kitchen and with a full sized dishwasher, we would likely run out of dishes before it filled up.  So, there isn't a need to run a partially empty dishwasher.The quality seems good. I am a pretty quality conscious consumer, and this seems like a well built machine.  Having just gotten it, I have no way to be sure, but if I have any quality concerns, be sure that I will come back to update this review!I think this is a great product and if it suits your needs, get one! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:51:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28313665	We bought this dishwasher from Lowe's because it was a good price, a good brand (or so we thought), and it matched the stove and fridge we bought at the same time.  I disliked it at first because the racks are poorly designed and hard to stack my dishes in, but I got over it becuase it operated so quietly.  Then after less than 2 months it started making VERY loud noises while running.  It was still under the 1-year warranty so Frigidaire replaced the motor.  Then less than TWO WEEKS after the 1-year warranty expired it started making the same loud noise again.  After 45 minutes on the phone I finally made Frigidaire understand why they should cover the parts and labor for the problem (the motor wasn't even 1 year old since the replacement!).  The repairman came out and said he couldn't find a problem, but when it made the noise again the next day I made a video recording of the noise and he agreed it was the motor again.  When I called Frigidaire to order the replacement part I was told the part was on back order (no ETA and over 500 parts backordered).  I told the repairman this and he agreed that it sounded like the motor manufacturer must have identified a problem with the motor that they were trying to correct.  To my surprise the new motor arrived at my house within a week.  When I called Frgidaire to question it they were confused too because the part is still on backorder.  Now I believe I have recieved an old leftover motor that will have the same problem that the first two have had and will not last another year - but there is nothing I can do at this point....except to write this review in the hopes that it will save someone else the trouble I have had with this dishwasher.  DON'T BUY IT!!!!! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:51:11	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
59834977	This was perfect for a temporary living situation or where the location may change at the drop of a hat. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:51:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
83172416	I installed this unit less than four years ago in my home. At first, it was fine. But shortly after installation, plastic parts started cracking off inside the machine. It is sooooo poorly made. I McGuyvered it back together using zip ties but then the machine began stopping midcycle and flashing the 9E error. Samsung has no idea what this means other than #34;Your machine needs service.#34; We disassembled it, cleaned all parts, blew out the hoses and put it back together. It worked for a short period, then started seizing up again. Meanwhile, more plastic parts broke, including the top spray arm, which I found sitting in the top rack one morning. There was no way to reattach the arm. Then while pulling out the top rack to unload dishes, the whole thing cracked off and fell. Luckily I caught it or I'd have had a lot of broken dishes to clean up and replace. Meanwhile, Samsung claims there's nothing wrong with the unit and it just needs maintenance. Bottom line: If you have money to burn and don't care if you have to constantly replace your appliances, go with Samsung. If you want reliability, quality and customer service, run as fast as you can away from Samsung. It's the most horrific company I've ever dealt with, and I've dealt with more than a few doozies. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:51:11	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42669157	Broke within 4 months, leaked all over my kitchen floor, luckily I wasn't sleeping.  Punched the s*** out of it, doubt SPT will ever return it or award the warranty. Waste of $200!!!!!!!!! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:51:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
64750024	I have a Bosch dishwasher.  It does clean the dishes but when it is done itkeeps beeping all night long until you get up and go shut it off.First off, I really don't care when it is done.Secondly, I feel it is running my life.  And it has this piercingbeep it does which drives you completely nuts.I hate it and consequently I hate the machine.  Bosch needs to get a grip.No one wants that.  I have written them twice and they don't even botherto respond.  It certainly isn't fair that I would need to call a repairman andpay about $100.00 or so to get it to stop this stupid alarm. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:55:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information if there is a component defects causing this complaint	false
26814611	We bought our dishwasher in spring of 2012.  Initially this dishwasher was a dream come true.  It was quiet, powerful, plus it looked and worked flawlessly.We started to notice issues in mid 2013 with the door clicking as it was lowered.  We noticed that the left hand flange was popping a rivet and this was allowing the door to drop another 1/2 inch on the one side when opened.  The rack has never fit just right and we figured it was something that we were doing wrong, but when looking at it again we noticed the rollers don't fit the track properly.  The utensil rack became brittle and has broken in several spots allowing for silver ware to drop through the bottom, jam and knock during cycles.Final death blow was about a full 24 months after purchase and install.  The control panel started acting up and would randomly lock and would not unlock without running a full cycle allowing it to reset.  Then it just stopped working altogether.  Looking at the cost of a repairman and the parts and service to fix it we found it would be approximately 1/2 the cost of buying a newer better dishwasher and about 3/4 the cost of just replacing this one - about $550.BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK AND EXPECT IT TO ONLY LAST 2 YEARS AT MOST! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:55:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59291517	I purchased the previous model of this machine. I loved the concept, one clean one dirty drawer. You can run just one when there is not too many dishes.Uses much less water than conventional dishwashers, has a delay start.... That about ends the pluses of it. The inside plastic racks were cheap and thin, and in mine broke quickly. There are no height adjustments on the side racks. I saw a new one in the store and it looks like they repaired the bad things, beefed up the racks, made them adjustable. The walls are still plastic, which I think should be stainless... so the machine may be better than the previous models, but really look it over. You can buy a Kitchenaid or Bosche for the same price. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:55:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19152844	I live in a complex that controls what appliances we have.  The property management company always uses GE.  My previous GE dishwasher worked fine, but my stupid property management insisted on replacing it and other kitchen appliances simply because they were over 10 years old.  Well, this is the dishwasher they stuck me with.  It's the only model they keep in their warehouse for our housing units' appliances.  I called them to complain, but they told me it was still under warranty at the time, so I'd have to call GE to complain.  I did and the repairman was very rude and unwilling to fix it.  He lectured me about my water heater needing to be turned up (WRONG!  It was already turned up as high as it'll go) and needing to run the hot water from the kitchen faucet for a while first - bullshit!  It did nothing to help.  Once the warranty expired, I got back to property management, and our repairman came to lecture me on using Lemi-Shine and/or vinegar and how detergents no longer use phosphates, proper loading, yada, yada, yada...I've never had such problems with other dishwashers EVER!If I soak my dirty dishes in the sink in soapy water, then rinse with the sprayer, then load them into this piece of crap dishwasher and run it, they come out DIRTIER than before!  How is that even possible?!  So then, I have to wash each dish by hand afterward!  What's the use of having a dishwasher if the only way I can get my dishes clean is to wash each one by hand the old-fashioned way?!  BTW, the cycle takes a really long time, so it's also a huge waste of electricity (my water bill is covered in my monthly assessments, so that doesn't make a difference to me personally at the moment).  This POS is a waste of kitchen cabinet space!I will save up for a dishwasher of my choosing and override my Nazi property management's stupid rules because I'm running out of paper plates and plastic forks, etc. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:55:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about which components are failing to cause these complaints	false
24844575	Very pleased overall with this dishwasher.  It fits on the counter nicely and runs very quiet.  The cycles can take quite a while to run, but the dishes come out very clean.  I have used this for a year and so far I have only refilled the rinse agent once (and it notified me it was near empty).  The unit has several wash settings, but I set it on the regular full wash and I haven't seen a need to run any other setting.The rack can accept full size dinner plates, bowls, tumblers and plenty of silverware.  There are limited places for deep bowls and this is my only complaint with the rack design.  The stainless interior is well made, the outside is attractive and operation is very simple.  I suggest you leave the door ajar if you are only partially loading it since if you leave it shut, you could get some mold on the food residue.This product is designed to hook up to your sink faucet with an adapter, but I wanted to use a faucet mounted water filter so I did a little plumbing to hook it up permanently with the water inlet tapped off of the sink hot water line and the waste line plumbed into the sink drain.  I have had no problems with it being under pressure 100% of the time and was able to get all of the parts I needed at the local hardware. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 17:55:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40009744	I bought one of these over ten years ago and it worked great. A couple of years ago I moved into a house with a built in dishwasher and gave the Dandy to my daughter who used it for two years until it died. Then I bought her another one for Christmas. I'm happy to see it is identical to the old one, and seems to be working just as well. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:04:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
27850162	Danby Portable 1805WPros:  Sturdy/well-built, roomy interior, excellent cleaning, well-priced.Cons:  Very long normal wash cycle; no end-of-cycle signal.Recommend:  Definitely!!My kitchen floor space, cabinet and storage space are extremely limited and a portable dishwasher my only option.  I tried the Haier 18 portable but this dishwasher is riddled with problems and within two weeks I returned it.  I considered the Sears Kenmore 18 portable but it is over priced. I read the positiwe online reviews for this Danby but couldn't find it locally. A few weeks later, I found this Danby online at what I consider a bargain price and free ship-to-store for pick-up. Once I got it home and unpacked, my goodness, it is almost identical to the pricey Kenmore (or is the Kenmore almost identical to the Danby?).After my experience with the Haier, I was skeptical, but the Danby 1805W is more than I expected. It is attractive, sturdy, and easily moves about on the large casters. Unpack it and the dishwasher is ready to be attached to the faucet (with the provided adaptor), plugged in, loaded, and started. The stainless steel interior is also attractive and well put together. It is roomy, easy to load and unload. No problem with normal-size plates and platters. It holds quite a load of dishes, and there is a nice size flatware tray which holds plenty. I found the normal cycle to be quite long (90 minutes) but the dishes were spotlessly clean and dry when removed. It operates fairly quietly. There is storage for the cord and hoses. The manual could be better written and the control dial and buttons labeled better but after a couple of reads and use, it's easy to get the hang of it. Did I mention that the cleaning was thorough, spotless, and the dishes dry when finished? All-in-all, it's not perfect but it is a remarkably good machine and I am thrilled to have it. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:04:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
19707961	I've had this unit for over a year now and have been quite impressed with it; impressed enough to write this review. I paid $349.00 for it which seemed like quite the good deal at the time (and even more so now when looking at the price).  I moved into a new home which did not have the kitchen space for a full size dishwasher, and this little unit has done the trick. Saved me from the hand-washing that I haven't had to do for some time.  It is relatively quiet, easy to set up, and does a good job with the cleaning.  My only complaint is that the adapter that you need to put on your faucet (for the dishwasher hose attachment) makes the water come out with a bit of a spray.  Would recommend this unit to all. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:04:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
41127856	Awful, Awful, Awful product. Electrolux should seriously be put out of business for ripping people off like this. We have had our Electrolux dishwasher since Oct. 2011 and it worked fine for about 2 to 3 months, never really getting the dishes quite as squeaky clean as our previous dishwasher that wasn;t nearly as expensive. Just like the others...Error Code 01, would just stop working/powering on, smoke coming out of the front after one repair kit was installed....I have had to hand wash dishes for the past year and half, WITH a newborn baby and 2 year old (now 17 months and 3 years)...so for those with kids, you should know what a pain in the neck this is...all while a $1400 dishwasher sits right beside the very sink I'm standing in front of for 45 minutes washing dishes. Digusting!!No matter what you try, this thing will never, ever get your dishes clean, I'm warning you now. Please listen and save yourself this nightmare. It will bake on old food and soap scum to where only soaking then hand washing will finally get it off. We have bought every type of dishwasher powder/tablets sold within a 40 miles radius of our home plus some from Amazon, and you guessed it.... DIRTY DISHES. I could go on and on about this thing, we are going hopefully next weekend to buy a Bosch to replace this worthless piece of junk. We're still not certain what to do with it.... Can't really sell it, guess we'll just haul it to the recycling center. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:04:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	Need More Information About the Component Defects to cause this Complaint and errors with the machine and the machine's power	false
57032166	The Bosch SHE68M0 lives up to its reputation as just about the quietest energy efficient machine out there. Its stainless steel exterior is sleekly attractive and the s/s interior makes it durable. We are avid cooks who entertain a lot. But after over a year of ownership, I am disappointed with this machine's shoddy racks, which do not slide into place smoothly; the components often come apart and the rack wheels sometimes fall off. The smaller capacity of the machine makes for overcrowding the loading areas, resulting in a less thorough wash. The rinser dispenser's instructions are confusing. The itsy-bitsy lettering on the controls almost require a magnifying glass to read. Also, one cannot change settings easily using the control buttons. Disregard Bosch's claim that one need not rinse before loading. Doing so merely leaves a bigger mess behind at the filter, which then can also become clogged at the drain exit -- despite regular cleaning of the filter by hand. When this happens, you must remove the filter and unclog the drain by hand.Finally, I am disappointed in the cleaning ability: tea- and coffee-stained cups do not get thoroughly cleaned. Also, food often remains stuck on washed items. I used Bosch's recommended detergent -- Electrosol -- which underperformed all the other soaps I have tried; I now use Cascade, but the stains still do not get removed, unlike with my old Kenmore.This machine is adequate, it does the basic job, and very quietly. But its shoddy plastic interior parts and other flaws do not warrant the $1100 I paid for it. I will stick to Kenmore in the future. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:04:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88781907	I purchased this dishwasher in Oct of 2010 and had it professionally installed. As of April 2011 it's been nothing but problems. Just when you think it's working it stops in mid wash cycle. I have to hand wash glasses because it leaves crud in them on the top rack. The Samsung warranty person has been out twice to replace parts in the dishwasher that the error code flashes to say it's not working right (It stops in mid cycle). Repair person blamed the poor cleaning of the dishes on the EPA regulations about the amount of water dishwashers can use vs. the old models and the type of soaps we can't buy now that we used to.Now for the third time I've had to call 1-800-Samsung because the cycle is stopping and not finishing AGAIN! So another week of hand washing dishes again?!I really miss my 10 year old leaking Maytag dishwasher that had heat dry (this one doesn't), used lots of water and cleaned the dishes. I will avoid Samsung products in general because of other electronic products (Blu-Ray players) I've had from them that have been unpleasant experiences also. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:21:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing these issues	false
46662901	Works great. Dishes are clean and brilliant. The quality of the materials is good. Space inside is enough for 1 meal and 1 breakfast for 1 person. I highly recommend it! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:21:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75478973	I bought this a little over a year ago---actually 17 months ago. There is only 1 person in this household--me. Already I have to pay a repair person to come and fix it....it doesn't work. Nice. Last time I will buy from this company. Warrenty runs out in a year. What a rip off 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:21:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing this complaint	false
58829738	So I'm only on wash #2... but so far I'm elated with this purchase!After ordering it on Wednesday night - I went on dishwashing strike - it's now Monday. So you can guess things are a bit caked on and there's a lot of dishes. The first load came out beautifully - way better than I could ever do just by hand washing. It will definitely be a few loads to get it all done - but since I won't let them sit for a few days, shouldn't be so bad in the future. Also, I'm EXCITED to do the dishes now... since it means rinsing and seeing what happens.If you HATE doing dishes - like I do - definitely invest in this. It's bringing me more joy than any other purchase (even my new iPad with retina...).I can't really compare with other dishwashers since I've been living in apartments without one for the past 6 years - but this one is doing the job.Also, all the attachments are inside the dishwasher. I spent about 10 minutes searching the box for the hoses. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:21:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82743249	Wow, the day after I wrote this very positive review on this dishwasher it leaked all over the kitchen. I have only had it three weeks, I got up to run a load and went outside. When I walked back in there was water all over the floor. I had followed all the directions, I don't know what happened. Anyway, Haier was pretty cool about it, I'm sending in the cord and the sticker on the back along with a $15 check(BOOO!) and they are sending me a new one. My squaretrade warranty didn't cover it because it broke within 60 days of ownership. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:21:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component defect that caused the leak	false
23537783	I have purchased many DWs in my lifetime; having been a builder for a number of years.  The Bosch SHX68T56UC 800 Series was purchased from SEARS for our home 9 months ago; from the first week we had trouble with the bottom rack falling off the track when even partially loaded.  Issue: There is a 3#8221; gap between the door and the bottom inside track; the wheels are only 1 #8221;, which is way too small to keep it on the track.  AND,  there is 2 1/2 #8220; between the wheels on the back two wheels.  Part of the marketing for this unit is that it is designged to hold 16 dinner plates from left to right on back of rack. However, when loaded with as few as 8 dinner plates, the bottom rack falls off track.  We were advised to #34;push down on handle#34;, which lifts the back of rack up slightly to avoid falling off the track.  Well, we do that and already have dent in the new door #8211; pushing down on handle of bottom rack puts pressure on the door.  AND the handle on the bottom rack has broken off.  No surprise.  We purchased the extended warranty from Sears for $280; and called them to come out within the first month.  The technician said it was a #34;design flaw#34; and refused to do anything; and refused to come out again without charging us a $97 fee.  And we have gotten nothing but a run around on the warranty issue.  I called Bosch; and they are sending out a #34;fixing kit#34; with a new set of wheels and a handle.  They refused to send out a repair tech to look at the DW and install the wheels/handle, as they said they were designed to #34;do-it-yourself#34;.  I am wondering why I paid so much for this dishwasher and the extended warranty.  This is not my first Bosch DW; we purchased Bosch because of our past experience and its reputation.  One good thing - it IS quiet. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:29:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24223526	To help put my review in context, I was very fortunate and received this as part of the Vine program.  I have, however, been considering getting a new dishwasher for quite some time and have been looking at washers both online and in the stores.  My ~14-year-old Whirlpool dishwasher still cleaned well, but I thought that it was excessively loud and I wanted to get a quieter washer.  Overall, I've been happy with this Amana and recommend that you consider it if you're looking in this price range.  I've tried to detail out some areas for you below, and I've mentioned some tips at the bottom if you have this installed for you.* CLEANING ABILITY - 5 StarsVery good, IMO.  Okay, I'm not the ultimate tester for this, as I tend to rinse off my dishes before I put them in the washer based on old habits.  I haven't tried any baked-on lasagna :)  I certainly don't clean dishes before putting them in the washer, though, so hopefully my results will represent what you'd see - and the results are excellent.  I thought that my Whirlpool got dishes clean, but dishes come out of this washer looking even better.  They seem smoother and have a better shine.  I'm using the same detergent (Cascade Complete Pacs) as I've used for years.  I have been using a new rinse aid (Cascade that came with the unit versus Jet-Dry that I've used for years), but I honestly think that it's the washer doing a better job.  My Whirlpool only had a washer arm on the bottom, whereas this tall tub unit has washer arms underneath of both racks.  Plastic dishes, ceramic bowls, glasses, cups, and stainless steel utensils have all come out looking great.  I'm a fan of air drying, but I did use the heated dry once to try it out.  The heated option certainly dried the dishes (although coffee cups with recessed bottoms still had some water pooled in them), but my utensils get water marks where they are touching the utensil holder (just like in my old washer), so I choose to air dry and take them out a bit early.* COSMETICS - 3.5 to 4 StarsOf course, aesthetics is all personal choice, so I'll discuss the quality of the materials used on the door.  I think that Amana did a good job with this unit overall.  The upper plastic section on the front panel that houses the vent, handle, and controls has a good feel to it and seems well made.  The front metal door panel has a good paint coating and looks quite nice.The one minor downside to me is the lower plastic panel that closes the gap between the door and the floor.  It's just a thin piece of plastic that is kind of flimsy and doesn't give a really polished look to the installation.* NOISE - 3 Stars overall, 4-5 Stars at this priceWhether you'll be happy or not with this comes down to your expectations.  Also, how much noise it makes will depend on your surrounding cabinets and home acoustics.  If you want whisper quiet, you'll need to look elsewhere and spend more.  If you want relatively quiet, this is definitely worth considering.This Amana is quieter than my old one, so I'm pleased.  It's only about 4 dB quieter, but it doesn't makes the same rattling noises, so it's a lot more enjoyable to be in the house while it's running as compared to the old one.  It measures around 66 dB at a distance of about three feet away in my kitchen.  That's not exceptionally quiet, but for the price, that's not bad at all.  The closer that you get to silent in dishwashers, the more they cost because of the added expense of the sound insulation.  I've looked at the Bosch units with ratings around 40 dB, but those cost significantly more.  I do think that Amana could have insulated the lower plastic piece underneath of the door better for little extra cost, though, and helped with sound from the motor and water flowing through the hoses.Also, mine has a constant high pitched whine that comes from the electronic control panel.  I only notice it if my head is about a foot away, but I wanted to mention it in case you are sensitive to those noises.  I decided to connect mine to an outlet under my sink controlled by a wall switch (like a disposal is), so I can shut it off and get rid of that noise when I'm not using it.* BUILD QUALITY - 4 StarsOverall, it seems good to me.  The internal washer area is sturdy, and the racks are just as good if not better than those on my Whirlpool.  The front panel materials are also good.  The top of the metal door where it mates with the upper plastic section is a bit loose on mine (only noticeable when I push on it, but I mention it because it might add to noise), and the lower plastic panel near the floor is a bit flimsy, but those are the only two things that I can think to point out.  In the ~$300 range, I think that this is a good unit.  Only time will tell if moving parts and water connections hold up, but I've inspected under the unit a number of times as I was adjusting the back feet, and nothing looks or feels sub-par to me.* SUMMARY - 4 StarsThings that I like:- Tall tub, allowing larger items and/or easier access for regular items.  For example, wine glasses that always had to be at an angle in my Whirlpool (and consequently often fell over during washing) fit on the top rack of this Amana just great.- Washer arms underneath both racks, so there's no cylinder taking up room in the center of the racks for water to flow through allowing you to fit in more items- Nice, clean look on the outside- Utensil holders can be placed on the sides or front of the lower rack- Overall good build quality and noise rating for this priceThings to consider:- Lower plastic front panel doesn't give a really polished look, but you might not really ever notice it because it's near the floor- Not whisper quiet (again, it's good for the price, but it's not exceptionally quiet in general)* INSTALLATION HINTSThe installation instructions that come with the machine are good.  Follow those, and you should be set.  Mine was delivered and installed for me, and based on some issues that I had after the installers left, I have some hints for preparation and things to make sure that the installers do before they leave.- Have some towels ready if you have a dishwasher already installed, because there will be water that leaks out when the hoses are disconnected and when the dishwasher is pulled out and moved.  The guys that delivered mine were very nice, but they weren't used to removing dishwashers and didn't have any towels.  If I would have had towels ready, that would have been prevented a mess.- Make sure that the installers fit the insulation blanket on properly and keep it in place when they push the dishwasher into place.  As a tip for them or you, you can use some tape to secure the front edge of the insulation in place - that worked great for me when I repositioned it.- Inspect the location of the washer before the installers screw in the two tabs above the door.  As I was writing this review and noting a cosmetic gap on each side, I noticed that the gaps were there because my installers had pushed the unit about 0.5-0.75 too far in.  Because of that, the sides of the unit were recessed compared to the edges of the cabinet, and there was a large visual gap on each side.  I just now corrected it by pulling the unit out and making sure that it was lined up on both sides, but I had to put two new holes into the wood brace above the washer for the screws (easy in my case, but maybe not for everyone).  It wasn't difficult, but it took a while, and it will be easier for you if you check before they secure it.- Make sure that they check that all four feet are on the ground and that the dishwasher is level.  My installers never checked the back feet, and they weren't touching the floor - so the machine would slide in and out at the bottom when I opened/closed the door.  Those feet are pretty easy to adjust, but you'll have to fit your arm past the hoses underneath to reach one of them - so it's best if the installers do it and make sure that all connections are still secure afterwards. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:29:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
15610781	I bought my Maytag dishwasher in 2006, it failed three times within the first year.  They finally, after much wrangling and threatening replaced it with a new one in late 2008.  It has now died again!  My earlier KitchenAid lasted 20 years.  Try to find another brand -most of the ones we know are really made by Whirlpool, and are all probably equally bad.  It washed well, but doesn't last worth a damn! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:29:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the machine to fail	false
71645412	Poorly designed dish rack and spray arm interfere with each other; spray arm gets stuck on rack, or contents fall through rack and jam spray arm.  Typically takes 2-3 cycles to get clean.  The only dish washer I've used where it'd be faster to wash by hand.Controls behave inscrutably.  Despite following instructions pertaining to putting in one more item mid-cycle, 50% of the time, closing door, machine starts without notice and drains half of its water, then proceeds with the rest of the cycle without enough water to complete it (it just sits there grinding its motor).Problem not specific to a unit as I tried two units (the first arrived with a broken spray arm).  It's sad because the unit is otherwise well built.Machine limited to plates 9 diameter and smaller.Do Not Buy the SD-2201.  If SPT can fix the rack design and the oddly-behaving controls, I'd buy another of their products, but they really have to fix that dish rack/spray arm design and the bizarre-behaving controls.Followup:  I spoke with their US customer service department ([...]), and they had GREAT customer service for a later problem.  Again, I'd buy another of their products when their engineers in Asia can get some of the functionality issues resolved. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:29:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
75915060	I too had similar porblems with the control panel.  Just a little over a year into using the dishwasher the control panel stopped working.  After replacing the control panel the first year, the same problem happended again at year 2.  I am at year 3 now ready to replace again.  if the control panel could stay functional, this would be a great dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 18:29:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27019603	I bought one of these from a yard sale for use at my small office.  I was getting stuck cleaning up the kitchen and decided to see if this little unit was worth it.  I'd looked at the small Haier unit and was not impressed with the plastic interior.I broke a lot of rules setting this up.  Its not connected to the hot water supply, since I have a very old sink and the only other connection I had was to cold water lines.  Also, the machine is on the floor, under the sink.  I bought new hoses to make the connections.  Luckily, the standard connectors on the back made this easy -  the fill is a standard clothes washer fill line, and the drain can take a piece of garden hose.  I was concerned with the garden hose holding up to very hot wash drain water, but so far its been okay. (If I was installing this anyplace else or using this in my home, I might not be so nonchalant.)My unit was used, from an area where there was very hard water, and the previous owners had never cleaned the innards of the machine.  I soaked everything in CLR to remove the scale from the sump grill, the heating element and the wash arm,  and cleaned the gunk out from under the door seal, and away we went.Since we are in an office, we always use the Sanitary wash to keep the cooties down.  The machine does an excellent job of getting even cold tapwater super hot, and the dishes will flash dry after the cycle is over, if you pop the door open.  The machine has no problem pumping wastewater through the drain line and up 3 feet into the sink.One reason I avoided the plastic tub Haier is noise.  If you load this machine carefully, you can prevent items from clinking against each other too much, and the machine will operate more quietly.  We've found that we can run the machine, have the office radio on, and still comfortably make phone calls without much trouble.My only complaints would be that on occasion, the timer has gotten stuck (once or twice in 100 washes).  Also, some plastic items have been slightly warped by the heater.  Capacity is very decent, probably because the machine is pretty large.  Measure first! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 19:18:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
58307954	Have had this dishwasher for 3.5 years and this is my first problem with it.  However, it is the same 03 error code (wash pump not working) that many of the prior reviewers have experienced on this website and as noted on other sites, and upon calling Electrolux for warranty (or defective part) coverage, of course, there is nothing covering this type of issue.  It is incredibly frustrating that with my very low usage (travel much of the time and typically do one to two loads a week, if that) that essentially after a typical 1.5 years of usage, the wash pump has to be replaced.  Obviously, they don't stand behind the equality of the product.  Although customer service was relatively helpful in pricing out the potential part replacement costs and recognized local appliance repair people, when asking me at the end of the call, if I wanted to participate in customer service survey, and I said, You Betcha ready to blast Electrolux, I was amazingly transferred into oblivion, which has NEVER happened in a survery situation before.  I think it was a matter of selective disconnection for survey manipulation...I think Kelly Ripa needs to attach her name to another brand!!  Would not buy another product from this company, which is so disappointing as I like so many aspects of this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 19:18:46	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
46909197	Very flimsy, plastic parts on the interior, particularly connecting the rack to the rails that slide in an out.  The rack is connected with thin, plastic parts that snap off in short order, making the rack unusable.  Kitchen Aid promotes a 5 year warranty on the racks, but when these flimsy parts fail, Kitchen Aid says they are not part of the rack, but rather part of the arm, and therefore not covered by the warranty.  Kitchen Aid used to have a reputation for quality and reliability.  This product is a piece of junk.  Stay away. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 19:18:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27059154	After attempting to research dishwashers to replace our broken one - I was more confused than ever, if that is even possible!  Each web site contradicted the previous one.  I realized that most happy people do not bother to write reviews, so thought I would write to share our happy review of this one.I would describe our decision process as a crap shoot.  We did not want to spend $900 on a dishwasher, but did not want a piece of junk either.  Don't get me wrong, I would love to have one of those elegant designer dishwashers, but not at the cost of my first born. (maybe I should reconsider that - ha ha).  Anyway, based on a Consumer Reports rating, we were looking at a few dishwashers, Whirlpool Gold being one of them.  This is not the exact model they were rating (not avail at our location), but close enough for us. Over all, we felt this was a safe bet because our last dishwasher was a Whirlpool and it lasted 17 years before it finally bit it and went to dishwasher heaven.  This one was in stock at our local home store and we could install right away. Others we would have to order and wait 7-28 days depending on machine.One of our requirements was that the machine was quiet.  This one is advertised at 55 db.  I can safely tell you, as I sit 5 feet from the running machine, that it is pretty quiet!  I can hear it but it is a low hum.  Not completely silent, but very quiet.  Absolutely acceptable in our open living area.It seems to clean very very well.  It was 4 days between the old one breaking and the new installation and those dishes were ick.  Dried on egg, cheese, and cake mix among other things.  They came out beautifully.  I could not ask for better in the cleaning department. I do not rinse the dishes before they get washed, just scrape off the scraps and throw them in, they were pretty dirty.Installation went pretty well, took a couple of hours to get out the old and have the new completely hooked up.Overall, we are happy with this machine so far. Clean dishes and pretty quiet, our 2 big requirements.If anything pops up, I will update. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 19:18:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43953064	So far my only complaint is that the adapter for the faucet has changed my water flow and sprays all over when I'm just rinsing dishes in the sink. Also if you have bigger dinner plates, they don't fit upright and you have to put them in at an angle.Other wise it gets the dishes clean 	ctress10	10-21-2015 19:18:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
79678536	I have a white hot hate for doing the dishes.  I've been known to let them sit there, for days, and it's only with much sighing and groaning that I will eventually get up and do them and that was usually only because I had no clean dishes left.  (Ever eat cereal out of a cake pan?  I have.  That's how much I hate doing dishes.)It was time for a change.Ordered this product on the 8th of October and it was delivered one day early to my box at the UPS store.  Did not know this as seller never contacted me with any tracking number or any sort of welcome letter.  Regardless, it arrived in great condition.Had read the reviews here but since they weren't the best at the time, I looked around the internet for more reviews.  Turns out, many people were very happy with this product.  I bought from third party through Amazon because they were the cheapest price all around.  (If you go to the third party's web site, it's more expensive than through Amazon.)As I waited, I read the online manual and honestly, the online manual makes set up seem a lot more work and trickier than it actually is.The manual talks about the drain hose and how you have to lead it in to the sink.  I also read reviews where some people had their drain hoses fly out of the sink and splash water everywhere.  Perhaps I got a new and improved model because my drain hose and my inlet hose connect to the same piece that connects to the tap.  The connection is such that at the top, you connect to your sink tap and at the bottom of the connection is a hole where the drain water flows out of but it's all one piece.  The hoses are connected to the side of this piece.  So there shouldn't be an issue of the hose flying out of the sink spraying water all over the place, anymore.I was also pleased to see that this connection piece has a big red button that you push to release the pressure that has been built up inside the hose.  This way, when you want to remove the connection from the tap, you push the button, release what water remains inside as well as the pressure, and then can safely remove the connection from the sink tap.  I've had a counter top dishwasher before, (different brand), that had this red button and it makes a big difference.  I had seen no indication that this would have that red button so was quite happy.Connection for hoses fit right on to my tap, needed no adjusting after I took off a piece from my tap to reveal the threading.  You do need to be aware that you need to check all connections throughout the hose as some of them aren't tightened in shipping.  Before you start your first load of dishes, make sure all are tight so that no water sprays out when you turn on your faucet.I had absolutely no issues at all with any water spraying from any connections.  Because the instructions stated not to tighten too tightly, I tightened with my hand only and it was enough to be secure.Loaded the dishwasher in the manner I normally load dishwashers:  With as many dishes as I could put in without over crowding.  Put in powder dishwashing detergent, (Cascade), and Cascade rinse agent.  One thing to note, the manufacturer includes measuring devices for both powder and gel for you to pour in to before you pour them in to the dishwasher.  That was a thoughtful touch.Hit P3, rapid cycle, and waited.  A couple of knocks here and there and next thing I knew, I heard water swishing around.  This particular cycle takes 70 minutes and I figured that was plenty of time to wash the dishes.  I did as the manual stated and rinsed the dishes real quick before placing them in the washer.  This helps alleviate problems with dishes not coming out clean.My biggest concern was the rinse/drain cycle.  As I said before, I've had a counter top dishwasher in the past and the connection would always pop off during the draining, sending water all over my kitchen.  This model?  No problem.  It drained right in to the sink from the connection and the connection stayed attached to the tap/faucet.Also, quick note:  Before I attached the connector to the sink adaptor, (provided by the manufacturer), I turned the hot water on and made sure it was coming out hot before attaching and then turning on the dishwasher.  I figured this would put less stress on the heating element and take less time to get the whole process going.  I read that in some dishwasher manual somewhere; maybe the one for this one, can't remember.The dishwasher does make noise.  A little more noise than today's modern dishwashers but seriously?  My air conditioner is louder than this dishwasher so it's not a big deal to me at all.  If I'm not in the kitchen, I don't hear it at all.  It makes noise but it's really not THAT loud.Also, be aware of the size of this dishwasher.  It's a little bigger than the one I had before and it's bigger than I expected.  Height wise was not the problem, I was prepared for that.  The width, however, was bigger than I thought it would be.  For me that doesn't matter because I have a huge counter space and I have room for this dishwasher and still have room left to do other things.  For some people though, be very aware of the dimensions of this dishwasher.  It is quite bigger than a microwave.I love that this product came in black.  It's one of the reasons I kept researching it.  Black matches the rest of my appliances.  My particular model does not have a window I can see through to watch the dishes being washed so there should be no leaking problems in the door area because of it.To summarize:  It's big, it makes some noise but it's nice looking, it's so insanely easy to set up, (if you can screw one piece to another piece, you've mastered the set up, trust me), there's more room in it than I thought it would have, it has several different cycles to choose from, it cleans the dishes well, no leaks, no problems, measuring devices are included so you don't have to guess how much 12g is and it means you no longer have to look at your sink full of dirty dishes in shame, day after day.  I LOVE that I don't have to do most of my dishes by hand anymore.  And I love that if someone stops by unexpectedly, I won't have to be embarrassed that I have put my dishes off, yet again.One more thing I wanted to mention:  Before I purchased this item, I wrote to the manufacturer directly through an email I found in their online manual.  They were extremely prompt with their replies, answered all of my questions and offered advice.  That pushed me over the edge in my decision between this washer and another; the customer service.I absolutely recommend this dishwasher to those who don't/can't have a normal size one.  And if you do go with this product, order through Amazon.  The $179 price is the cheapest you're going to find for a new unit.As others have done, I will update as time goes on to let you know how things are still working with the dishwasher.**UPDATE** One month later:  Dishwasher still working very well.  Have discovered through trial and error that gel works better than powder.  The powder tended to leave behind a residue on many dishes.  Gel left no residue.**UPDATE 2**  Two or so months later and it's still working beautifully.  I have done a vinegar rinse in it, (put some vinegar in the bottom of the dishwasher and ran it without dishes), because my water is hard and can cause build up in the hoses and other areas.  I believe I read that in a dishwasher manual as well, (again, it may have been the one for this unit).  I figure it's part of maintenance and it works.  I am still thrilled with this dishwasher.**UPDATE 3** Just about six months later and this dishwasher still works fantastically.  Because my water is hard, I've actually gone from doing an occasional vinegar rinse to adding a bit of vinegar in the bottom of the dishwasher after loading the dishes.  I'll let it sit there for about 10 minutes and then run the dishwasher.  CRYSTAL clean!  I have had six, enjoyable, hand wash free months.  I love this thing.**UPDATE 4** It's been almost a year now and this dishwasher is still working very well.  I've had almost an entire year of peace, bliss and a clean sink.  This will be my last update and I hope that this review has helped someone decide to get this product.  It works so well, is so easy to use and saves so much time. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:40:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87185839	This little dishwasher has been parked in the tiny kitchen of my shore shack for about a month now. Hand-washing all the dishes was a real bore after four years. It leaks a bit at the faucet but I don't care. A good item for a single or couple of folks. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:40:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	mentioned that it leaks at the faucet, but this is not an issue with the DW	false
90996112	This product isn't worth its money, any money for all I know. Firstly, the washer is way too small, even for a family of three. You can hardly fit a day's worth of dishes in there. It is loud and its cycles don't rinse properly. Secondly, the Haier customer service is unprecedented in its poor performance. I would strongly advise against this buy. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:40:41	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37027467	We have had issues with the control panel due to lightning storm is what the repairman said and it was fixed promptly. We have to routinely use a tweezers to pick food out of the holes of the sprayers but this was comparable to that of our Kenmore at our old house. Ours was terribly noisy at first but simply tighting the screws of the tow-kick area fixed the noise and now you can hardly hear it being used (as they advertise very quite). we do have to put glasses in a certain way to get it clean however I notice a drastic difference between when I fill  run diswasher then when my wife does. Something about her technique doesn't work as well as when I do. So human error could be a large possibility of the performance complaints. Finally the smell.... had a nasty issue with smell for a bit  tried several recommended solutions. Then I decided to put bleach on a rag  wipe out the door edges (underneath where the door closes is nasty...) and then I put bleach in the soap door  a cup right side up with bleach on the top rack. Note when you turn on the dishwasher it tries to empty any water/liquid in the bottom before it fills with water. Ran the dishwasher empty with the bleach trick  the smell has went away! Much, much better. All of my appliances are Samsung  I am happy with all of them. I would think twice however before purchasing another Samsung dishwasher but if you already own one try some of these techniques for better performance. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:40:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	had some issues at first but overall happy with it	false
45654426	This product is simple, it is very easy to use and it is absolutely perfect for my one bedroom apartment! 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:40:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62797318	My small kitchen + my hate of hand washing dishes = this thing was a life changer.  I'm guessing the couple of bad reviews from people who say it leaks (which was my biggest fear before I got it) did not hook it up correctly.  Still have to hand wash really big things that don't fit inside, but hey that's also the point: this thing is small enough to fit on a counter. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:52:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84092775	I am waiting for the 6th Samsung Dishwasher repair person to call to schedule the 9th visit for my 'new' dishwasher. At what point do they stop 'understanding' and 'apologizing' and actually give some customer service? At what point do they do what is right for the customer? At what point do they start to lose money on this machine?With this sort of service, I will definitely stay away from all Samsung products. sigh! 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:52:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59256456	This is an excellent counter top dishwasher. It is my second counter top and by far the best. It holds more dishes and silverware than I thought it would. I like having the controls on top. My grandson can't reach them or open the door. The dishwasher cleans everything great. I also like the black color because it matches my stove. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:52:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49678583	I bought this model after buying my new home in June of 2011 and it looked really nice in the showroom at a major big box store. I decided to go with the entire line of Frigidaire for my fridge, stove, dishwasher, microwave. All of the appliances except for the dishwasher work really well and look stunning in my kitchen. I ran the dishwasher half filled with some dishes and when it was done, i waited an extra hour just to make sure everything was completely dried. I opened the door and ALL of the dishes were dripping wet and the popcorn bowl i had in there with a little bit of butter on it was still filled with butter and NOTHING came off of it. I've had bad dishwashwers in the past but nothing like this. It's the worst appliance i've ever had in my life. So not only does it not clean the dishes, but it doesnt dry them either. I ended up returning it and going with an upgraded model (Kitchen Aid) and i love it.If you are in the market for a nice dishwasher, please dont buy the Frigidaire Gallery, keep on looking for something nice and dont be affraid to spend a little extra money. You get what you pay for! :) 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:52:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57583718	I have had this dishwasher only a week. I am using in it from Walmart - The Great Value Dishwasher Powder and The Great Value Rinse Agent.This dishwasher appears to be very well made but, as I said I have only had it a week and time will tell how durable it really is.As for cleaning a large load of dishes this dishwasher does an outstanding job! Does it hold up to six place settings? Everybody's dishes are different and it holds about four and then some for me. For those of you who are wondering if this washer drains the water by gravity or it is pumped out I believe it is pumped out but, I could not find any documentation on this. Very easy to hookup to you kitchen faucet. Does a great job drying the dishes.Update 10/26/2011: Dishwasher performs perfectly! Here are some additional thoughts - It says it in the directions that come with the dishwasher but make sure you add your dishwasher powder just before you start the wash not 2 hours earlier or it will harden.Update: 10/2/2013 Still works as great as the day I got it. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:52:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21603309	We purchased this dishwasher 15 months ago and liked it because it cleaned well and is extremely quiet, but had problems with the top rack almost from the beginning. By the time we figured out that the wheels had broken due to poor quality construction, we were 3 months out of the one year warranty. We contacted Kitchen Aid, who couldn't have been less interested in helping us, and they said all they could do was send a guy out for $129, charge us for labor on top of that, and split the cost of the parts! Needless to say, we are done with Kitchen Aid. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:54:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	issue with broken wheels	false
62080430	I ordered this on Amazon and they did great delivering it but I have to say, it's not a very good dishwasher.  It just doesn't do a very good job cleaning the dishes and I don't know what to do about it.  It's so bad I haver to clean again using a sponge - so what's the point.  Plus, it doesn't heat dry very well either, I wish I had my old Maytag back. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:54:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
31767211	As someone who hates doing dishes, this is the best $240 I have spent in a very very long time. I wish I had done it sooner. Pretty easy to set up (and I'm not technically inclined at all!), all the thinking I had to do was figure out that I needed to remove a small part of my faucet (so that I could screw in the connector). It seems to use a small amount of water, definitely less than I used when handwashing. Worth every penny. And for those that say it is loud? Mine is not at all. Besides, to me, hearing a dishwasher cleaning dishes is like music to my ears. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:54:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21613007	We've had this since 2008 and it's time for a replacement.  Started cleaning fine, but after 2-3 years, it leaves food on dishes and generally does a pretty unreliable job.  We've tried dishwasher cleaners, a service call, washing at night, washing after the water heater is refilled....Nothing works.  Now (today) it's leaking.  A $600-700 dishwasher needs to last more then 3 years.  Avoid. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:54:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23415879	This dishwasher works amazingly well, and is a great size. It fits perfect in our small apartment kitchen and helps us get our dishes done consistently. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:54:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22035042	The first dishwashers had a dent on the top. We contacted Edge Star. We had a replacement unless than a week. The dishwasher is so quite we forget it running until it drains. For a family of three it is great. It gets the dishes quite clean. The company customer service is very professional. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:56:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	shipped with a dent on top, but no complaint or defect	false
29806066	One star is being generous. 2 years old. Purchased based of features and look. Well its a big waste of money. Sure 2 year parts, but not covered unless you have a tech do it for you. Mine leaks and bad. Wrecked 500 worth of flooring. I fixed a poorly engineered tub bottom gasket and all was better... for a while. Now the door gasket has rotted to the point every time it's run, gotta have a pan under the door. Never dried dishes... There is NO DRYING heater in this unit or any similar LG unit. I will replace door gasket myself rather then pay a tech to install a $40 dollar gasket under warranty. Saving money for a GE or a Bosch. THEN I will fix my floor. You would think for a $1300 dollar unit it would be built better. LMAO what a joke. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:56:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39705031	This Dishwasher works very well at cleaning and drying the dishes, we absolutely love this unit, installation was a breeze since we where replacing an old dish washer that didn't work very well, I am knocking a star off the rating since for some reason some of the installation screws where missing along with a couple of caps were not in the package which is supposed to be included, we ended up going to Home Depot and bought the missing screws and the sales associate pulled the caps from a similar display model and let us have them, Thank you Home Depot.. If not for the missing parts this would have been a 5 star review 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:56:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
91924640	We have had this dishwasher for three years and when we hit #8220;start#8221; it will work for a minute and then switch to #8220;clean.#8221; We find ourselves having to start and re-start the machine a minimum of three #8211; five times #8211; EVERY time! It is very frustrating. We are a family that does a lot of dishes and this dishwasher makes washing dishes by hand seem like the more convenient option. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:56:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59929721	This washer does a great job with dishes, glasses, pots and pans. I didn't expect miracles with this but it performs better than i had thought.Pros:Small enough to fit on top of the counter and under cabinets. About the same surface area as the dish strainer that i had so no real loss of room.Big enough to wash a large pot (5 gallon) and the lid.Run time is about one and a half to two and a half hours depending on the setting you use. This seems pretty standard among washers as i recall.Plugged into the same outlet as the refridgerator and hasn't tripped the breaker. (20amp)Quiet enough that i don't hear it from the next room.Removable metal filter.The biggest pro is I never have to wash dishes again.Cons:Sometimes the door does not latch all the way when closing it. The washer will run for a minute then just stop and beep until you close the door all the way.The faucet attachment is not that great. It drips but probably wastes less water than i used to when washing dishes.Over all it's a great product and serves it's purpose. I've had it for about two months at the time of this review. If it lasts a year i will buy another because it's cheaper than hireing a maid to do dishes for me. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:56:23	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48125850	We purchased this Sansung dishwasher and completely regret it. It simply does not work. It doesn't clean dishes very well and does not dry them at all. We ran the dishwasher and didn't open it until 2 days later. The dishes were soaking wet. We're in the process of trying to return it. Buyer beware! 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:59:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64494414	Dishes get clean but top rack does not roll in and out well.  It feels like its going to break every time I push the rack in or out.For a Kitchenaid, I expected a higher level of quality in this regard.On the upside, it gets the dishes clean and it's quite. 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:59:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
47358225	grinding noise started after three months... too loud to have a conversation over... new pump made it go away but still returns...Seems to be a very common problem that they are ignoring to address... 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:59:58	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes	replaced pump and it worked at first but broke again	false
72249293	This dishwasher is great! If you are alone, or a newly living together couple. It handles almost all my dishes except my largest of pots and pans. Fits plates up to 12#34; but I can fit my 14#34; plates by skipping a loading spot and tilting the plates.I've had this for almost a year now and not encountered any problems what so ever.  Could not be happier about this purchase! 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:59:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
91359765	I am completely baffled by the positive reviews on this product.  First and foremost you must wash the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher or every small food particle will remain.  Second, the flexible tines are about the most frustrating thing I've ever dealt with - the constantly fall over while loading your dishes.DO NOT BUY.  I have a second house and the Bosch 300 is a far superior product for the same price! 	meg13	10-21-2015 19:59:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
29137997	I replaced a compact dishwasher with this model and I'm very pleased. It holds more than I thought it would although if you have a large family you may need to run it twice. My dishes , pots and pans are sparkling clean . It's very simple to run and not too noisy.A word of warning, I bought mine from Sears and the delivery and installation was excellent BUT there was an additional $310.00 charge to bring it up to code due to a code change that began in Jan. 2014. This was never mentioned when I bought the dishwasher so be prepared. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:18:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46676731	I almost didn't purchase this dishwasher after reading the terrible (but relatively few reviews) here on Amazon. Luckily I went to other retailer websites where they all had dozens of reviews - mostly all 4 and 5 stars.  So I bought this dishwasher on sale at best buy at a surprisingly great price, with free delivery. After 2 months I feel I can give a good review except for the maintenance and reliability aspects.We do have good water pressure, and we are a small family so the smallish interior is not an issue for us. We do a load a day. We do scrape and occasionally rinse some dishes before loading. It does take some time to learn the best way to load the dishes in, as it is a different layout than our old machine that we had for 18 years. However no matter how we load it, or how packed we load it, everything comes out super sparkling clean! Glasses look amazing, silverware, greasy knives, everything! We run it at the recommended Auto-Cycle, Rinse Aid and Sanitize and the results have been perfect.We had no idea how bad our old 18 year old dishwasher had gotten. We blamed it on the hard water, and had tried every trick we could find that should help but still ended up with film on the glasses, and a brownish baked on discoloration on knives, we finally had enough, and decided to get a new one.This unit looks great, and cleans all our dishes perfectly. It is VERY quiet and we are very satisfied. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:18:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72561828	We moved two years ago and completely remodeled. We were excited to be able to purchase Kinchenaid appliances since we always loved our stand mixer and food processor. It's as if there are two Kitchenaid companies. The Dishwasher has had to be repaired three times in only two years and we practically had to beg Kitchenaid to honor the warranty when the pump and chopper failed in the first year. Rack rollers break off spontaneously, doors leak and overall it's not a great dishwasher when it works.Our Kitchenaid Refrigerator has a design flaw that causes it to freeze up and leak onto the floor when it's humid. The answer from the service technician was Yeah, they do that.Kitchenaid is now part of Whirlpool. My sincerest advice is to avoid any major appliance built by Kitchenaid or Whirlpool. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:18:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
73312210	I will be dividing this review into 3 sections: Looks (worth 1 star), drying (worth 2 stars), and dishwashing (worth 3 stars)This is a wonderful little dishwasher. I hate doing the dishes and I was looking at Sears, Lowe's, etc. trying to find a good reviewed, cheap, and portable dishwasher.I am so glad that I picked the Danby dishwasher!The only problem that I have had with him is the first couple of days after it got here. For starters, it wouldn't start the wash cycle. It would bring water in from my sink, then it would go straight to the drying stage. I googled the problem and what I found was that some of requirements for washing wasn't being meet (Some examples they said: door closed, top rack being pushed in, not hot water, etc.) All of which, I thought, were in place. So after a couple days of being flustered with the dishwasher, the next day I decided I was going to call customer support for help. The morning I decided I was going to call, I tried the dishwasher one more time and it fired up. I am thinking that maybe the hot water wasn't getting to the sensor or something. So every time before I start washing, I attach it to the sink (which has been running hot water for a couple of seconds) and push the little red button that pushes water through the hose. Its worked every time since then. :]Oh, and another problems is that the manual is pretty bad. Still don't quite know what the plastic cone thing is for...Also, if you don't have a garbage disposal in your sink, and you don't want food to go down the drain, get some of those scourers that you use for hand washing and stick it in the drain. All the big stuff won't go down it and you can either throw it away or clean it out in the trashcan and reuse it. :]Looks (0.75/1.0)This dishwasher looks very good in my apartment. I have a white refrigerator, stove, and microwave. This little guy also feels quite sturdy and is manufactured very well.The inside is stainless steal and most of the washing machine parts are also.Side note: The top part of the dishwasher (the countertop) along the edge is cracked above corner top right of the dishwasher door. This really isn't that big of a deal to me. The dishwasher is still a dishwasher. :] My guess it happened in shipping so its not the dishwashers faultDrying (0.75/2.0)The drying part of this dishwasher is the worst part. It just does an okay job on drying. If you want your dishes to come out completely dry, don't get this little guy. Its fine for me, just take a little towel of get the little drops off.My grandfather has a portable dishwasher from sears and it drys a lot better than this dishwasher.Dishwashing (3.0/3.0)I was pleasantly surprised at how well this little guy cleans. It has done a wonderful job with everything I've thrown at it. Pots, pans, stone cookware, silverware, dishes, plastic, everything comes out clean.One amazing feature that I really like is that the racks on the bottom can fold down to accommodate really big things like big pots, and pizza pans (not sure if that is the actual name for the pizza pans). The sears dishwasher my grandpa has doesn't have this and it really comes in handy! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:18:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35708354	I have this one in Black...I just replaced a 15 year old Maytag that had been used approximately 6500 times with this one. My family loves to cook and uses a lot of dishes! (The dial controller degraded to only working on the glassware / china setting, but still worked.) I loved my old Maytag and wanted exactly the same features (steam clean, sanitizing cycle, heated drying, and high-endurance motor). BTW, I attribute the fact that it lasted so long to good quality workmanship and the fact that we never used any drying agents - all we did was put the detergent in and run it. And, this purchase was like going from an old reliable but clunky car to an updated zippier sports car. I opted for the stainless steel interior because what I noticed over time was the plastic interior (on the old one) seemed to get gouged and scratched and retained a slight odor. (We always prewash the dishes so that the disposal never really got clogged or anything). The control pad on the edge does take getting familiar with; it is not a deal breaker. It is super quiet, although the water intake is a little noisy and unnerving - it sounds like water is gushing all over the floor. It doesn't leak (like some people claim), and, the installation team did an EXCELLENT job. Finally, I love the new layout for the dishes and the little baskets. Again, it takes some getting used to - but all in all it's been sweet so far. Shop around because most stores will match competitors. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:18:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
19329090	I honestly can't believe someone would think this is a difficult appliance to use.  All you need to do is replace the nozzle on your sink.  (It comes with an alternate nozzle.)  From there, you connect the hose to put water into the appliance and put the drain hose into your sink.  To save counter space, I put the dishwasher on a cart with wheels.  I just wheel it to the sink when I want to do dishes.  Overall, I am very happy with my purchase.  I only have 2 complaints.  1. It's difficult to load both plates AND bowls into the dishwasher at the same time.  If you have large plates, they get into the way of where you are to put your bowls.  And 2. If you are eating a hearty soup/stew in a bowl, make sure to rinse it out before you put it into the dishwasher.  Crusty Stuff on my bowls has, how shall we say, come around to see me again.  I've never had a problem with plates or glasses or silverware, but bowls are my bane and this is why I gave it 4 out of 5 stars.  This is the ultimate appliance for the bachelor who hates to do dishes! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:23:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
29787827	Steer clear of Maytag, they have a VERY POOR product, and zero customer service. This is a company that DOES NOT stand behind their product, they use loop holes and play games with their customers. We purchased our Maytag dishwasher delivered and installed on 12-3. On 12-6 in the afternoon it stopped working, after looking in the user manual it was determined that service was needed on it...after 2  days and 3 wash loads. My husband called the store we purchased from and they tried bending over backward to get us a replacement but called back and told us that here hands were tied by Maytag's policies, we were informed that Maytag has a 48 hour return window and that we were just HOURS outside of that and were told to call and explain to Maytag that we were UNABLE to call last night. We called Maytag and they did not care. I was passed to 3 different people including a supervisor who would only say that they could send out a technician on FRIDAY. We purchased a $500 dishwasher that worked for 2 days and now we are stuck without one. I had to hold my ground very stubbornly and DEMAND that she call the technicians in our area to get us fit in so that we were not without this much needed appliance for 3 days. She finally got a hold of someone who said he will be out tomorrow. We are EXTREMELY angered, disappointed and frustrated with the pure lack of customer service on Maytag behalf.  Think twice before purchasing Whirlpool or Maytag! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:23:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	customer service was not great	false
82126526	Very quite, well built, many feature settings, cleans well, easy install, easy to learn how to run.  Highly recommend this product 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:23:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52701666	We bought this dishwasher at Lowes along with the matching fridge and range.  Its a beautiful and modern design. The fridge and range are great - but the dishwasher only lasted a month and 2 days before displaying an LE error (internal leakage).  I called Samsung for service and they quickly sent out a local repair tech.  He told us this was the second time in 3 mos. that the same model had the same problem.  He would have to replace the tub - which meant waiting until it was ordered and delivered from overseas, then rebuilding the dishwasher around it.  With this info, we went back to Lowes, where the salesman, after hearing our problem, told us that sounds just like a Samsung - and that there was nothing Lowes could do.  Fortunately, his manager disagreed and gave us a free upgrade with free delivery and pick-up.  Reading the other reviews, I have to agree about the drying issues as well as leaving bits of food.  It was moderately quiet, and the wheels on the bottom rack would pop off when the drawer was loaded and not pushed back in from dead center front.I was willing to assume that this was an isolated incident, however, the more reviews I read (post facto) the more I'm seeing a pattern.  Hopefully this review will aid others in making a decision in buying a new dishwasher. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:23:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50419513	AVOID THIS COMPANY!! My unit arrived broken. Haier customer service was rude  obnoxious. They were completely unapologetic  seemed to go out of their way to be UNHELPFUL. When I finally bullied them into action, they wanted a full week to send out a service man who may or may not have been able to fix it. I spoke to both customer service and corporate, both were extremely rude and entirely useless. What's more, neither one had the decency to so much as apologize. NEVER AGAIN.This was every internet buyer's nightmare! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:23:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19152844	I live in a complex that controls what appliances we have.  The property management company always uses GE.  My previous GE dishwasher worked fine, but my stupid property management insisted on replacing it and other kitchen appliances simply because they were over 10 years old.  Well, this is the dishwasher they stuck me with.  It's the only model they keep in their warehouse for our housing units' appliances.  I called them to complain, but they told me it was still under warranty at the time, so I'd have to call GE to complain.  I did and the repairman was very rude and unwilling to fix it.  He lectured me about my water heater needing to be turned up (WRONG!  It was already turned up as high as it'll go) and needing to run the hot water from the kitchen faucet for a while first - bullshit!  It did nothing to help.  Once the warranty expired, I got back to property management, and our repairman came to lecture me on using Lemi-Shine and/or vinegar and how detergents no longer use phosphates, proper loading, yada, yada, yada...I've never had such problems with other dishwashers EVER!If I soak my dirty dishes in the sink in soapy water, then rinse with the sprayer, then load them into this piece of crap dishwasher and run it, they come out DIRTIER than before!  How is that even possible?!  So then, I have to wash each dish by hand afterward!  What's the use of having a dishwasher if the only way I can get my dishes clean is to wash each one by hand the old-fashioned way?!  BTW, the cycle takes a really long time, so it's also a huge waste of electricity (my water bill is covered in my monthly assessments, so that doesn't make a difference to me personally at the moment).  This POS is a waste of kitchen cabinet space!I will save up for a dishwasher of my choosing and override my Nazi property management's stupid rules because I'm running out of paper plates and plastic forks, etc. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:27:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
76448223	Purchased a DMT800 in January 2011. First sign of trouble was in June. Replaced computer board. (Took 2 weeks for a replacement). Now in September the exact same error message appears. Samsung says we have to have multiple incidents before they will consider replacing the unit. Should have read the reviews on this product before purchasing. If you are considering a Samsung please reconsider. There are too many reliable units available to choose this one. There is obviously an inherent defect with these dishwashers. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:27:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52098659	I can hardly hear it running!It cleans dishes much better than our 19 year old KitchenAid.Hate the controls and indicators.  They're on the top of the door where they can't be seen.  Can't tell if dishes were washed, rinsed, or nothing. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:27:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
33430730	I bought this machine because I thought it would be a great time saver! But... the hose did not attach to my kitchen faucet! Even with the extra attachment, it was not compatible. Unfortunately, it turned out to be more of a hassle instead of a help. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:27:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	hose didn't attach to sink	false
80754097	I bought two units to sit on either side of my sink. They are loud and very noisy. Thank God, I bought the extended warranty because you will need. I have had the units for one year and the motor has been replaced on one. 3 our 4 bezel inside the units have had to be replaced. The units are garbage. For the money that I spent it's a sin that that they are not working and are in constant need of repair. I now have a service call because one is leaking which has caused considerable damage to my cabinet. poor poor poorhttp://www.canadianappliance.ca/product/KitchenAid_KUDD03STSS_Dishwashers_KitchenAid_KUDD03STSS.html?gclid=CN2H85uAvLgCFRSVMgodpCgAig 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:27:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
60384283	We bought this on samsungs reputation but wish we'd bought bosch instead. Read all reports. I'm sure someone will start a class action suit about this machine. Samsung wont honour warranty. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:30:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Samsung doesn't honor warranty	false
51911500	My only concern is that at the end of the cycle, the power light and the soap light don't shut off. Some of the wine glass holders get in the way and one of the back racks for large plates tends to collapse and has to be put back in place but these are not major problems when I consider that this baby fits into a narrow space and wheels to the sink and is totally silent and my dishes are sparkling! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:30:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	some issues with top rack but not due to defect	false
64660338	I bought this portable dishwasher because I do not have a large kitchen.  This dishwasher does a GREAT JOB!!!!!!  I washed my old Revereware copper bottom pot and the copper came out bright and shiny!!!  Stainless steel also came out very shiny!  The dishwasher has the ability to soften its own water with dishwasher salt.  Even though I have City water I ordered the salt from Amazon.com. I ordered the Whirlpool salt.  The dishwasher is quiet.  Other reviews comment on its long cycle time (about 2 hours).  After hand washing all my dishes for the past 15 years. This is not an issue with me.  The timing is less than properly hand washing dishes and pots.  My only complaint is the faucet adapter has a small opening for water to flow through.  This causes water to splash when washing my hands.  However, this machine is worth the splash.  I just had to get used to setting the faucet on low.My BIG complaint is like other reviewers, the instruction manual is awful... I am thankful there are You Tube videos to help me the first time I used the dishwasher.  My big problem was I did not realize that when the red lights were blinking it meant the dishwasher was running.  Green light means it is turned on.  And as with any dishwasher, open the dishwasher when cycle is completed (it will beep 7 times). This will assist in releasing steam and will help dry the dishes.  Also, if you are new to owning a dishwasher, always remove the  clean dishes from the bottom rack first. This is in case items on the top rack has nooks and crannies that pool a little water.In a nutshell BUY THIS DISHWASHER! But, watch videos on how to run, as the Instruction Manual is not helpful! 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:30:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	instruction manual and doesn't like the small opening for the water to flow through	false
50953499	We've had our new dishwasher for a couple of weeks and it does a great job of cleaning the dishes (our Kenmore only worked if you washed the dishes ahead of time).  The flat rack at the top for cutlery is actually a very nice feature.But there are some strange features, as though the folks at Miele never actually lived with a dishwasher.  For one thing, you can't tell when the thing is actually running.  It's very quiet, which is nice, but it makes the absence of a little red light all the more inexplicable.  Instead it beeps you when it's done, and won't shut up until you come and open the door.  (Just what we all need; more bossing around).My main reason for writing this review is that I figured out what to when the middle spray arm falls off.  1.  Pull out the middle rack (just pull and lift; there are little tabs on the end that you have to lift over.  2.  Put the rack on a flat surface, upside down 3. Fit the spray arm so that round end of the spay arm fits INTO the semicircular channel in the middle of the rack; at the same time, make sure the little hole at the other end of the arm fits on to the little peg thing at the end of the rack.  (sorry for the lack of visuals).  4.  then put the rack / spray assembly on end, so that you can tap the spray arm gently but smartly, so that it goes into the semicircular channel and stays there.  5.  then put the rack / spray back;  you have to angle it around the end peg stopper things, but it's not hard.It would be nice if any of this were mentioned in the manual, but, as I say, I don't think anyone at Miele has ever actually used or owned their own machine. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:30:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	wrote the review to tell people how to re-attach spray arm if it falls off	false
40842127	I wondered if it would fit. There was no way looking at the picture and looking at the dishwasher that I could tell if it was even made for it. Well, it does. Solved a serious problem (the dishwasher is in a condo I rent) with minimal effort. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:30:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28298790	To anyone who still owns one of these, I have recently found the fix for those of you who are dealing with dirty dishes even on the most aggressive settings.LG uses a thin foam gasket to seal the bottom of the turbine housing. The foam is just a bad idea because it doesn't hold up to the water temperature, and it would appear they didn't make it thick enough to properly seal the turbine housing, so most of these dishwashers leaked right out of the box. LG should have known better and put an O ring in place of it.If you like to do it yourself and are wondering what the fix is, this is most likely it.1: Remove bottom rack2: Remove all stainless steel philips screws holding filter assembly together on the bottom of the dishwasher.3: Lift assembly out of the housing and gently twist it to free it from the top rack water line (do make sure that screw holding said water line was removed).4: Turbine will now be exposed, this is a good time to clean out the gook.5: Stainless screw holding turbine in place is left hand thread and may be very tight, I have a small impact driver that made short work of this. Remove turbine.6: The turbine housing should now be free, lift it up and take a look at the foam gasket or what remains of it towards the back of the dishwasher.7: Carefully observe where the turbine housing needs to seal and test fit a few rubber o rings to make sure the fitment is good by placing the turbine housing back with new o ring in place and pushing down on the housing a little bit while looking to see if the o ring compresses a bit. I purchased the o ring kit at my local auto parts store in their #34;Help#34; section for about 5 dollars.8: If everything checks out good then you are ready to put everything back together again.It is also worth noting that the top seal of my turbine housing was squished pretty good, this is a proper molded rubber gasket that can be purchased at many appliance repair websites, LG part number 4036DD3001A. Additionally, several other seals in my filter assembly were looking pretty cooked. I opted to replace mine with an o ring maker kit, but you may want to order the correct ones while you are shopping for the top turbine housing gasket.Thanks for reading and I hope this helps. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:34:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	more of a tutorial to fix one of the bad components	false
23884086	I wish I could give this dishwasher negative stars. I wrote the company and they gave me a list of things to try to make the dishwasher function better. It doesn't work. As a matter of fact, if there is a glass I put in it that only had water drank out of it, it will come out dirtier than when I put it in. I feel Frigidaire should recall this product it is so bad. I have owned this dishwasher for 3 years and have come back specifically to let others know not to waste their money on this product. I have resorted to hand washing dishes until I can afford a new washer. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:34:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
1312988	I just got this from sears a couple weeks back. Took me a few hours to install because i've never installed a DW before. I replaced a 10 year old rusted out dishwasher with this. This product is amazing, it's SUPER quiet. Nice blue LED's on the front. The silverware holder on the door is a nice feature and holds more than you think. It has a stainless steel tub so it should hold up for the long run! It comes with nice advanced features as well, even has a cycle that detects the load, how soiled the dishes are, etc and adjusts the cycle for proper cleaning. I bought a 5 year squaretrade warranty just in case as well. I highly recommend this DW. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:34:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15910180	I looked around for an alternative dishwasher including dish drawers and finally settled on the countertop version. I read a previous review where the consumer was able to pack quite a bit of items in it and it is possible to do so. As a single user myself, my dish accumulation would take about a week but it is nice to not have a sink full of dishes. The noise level is on par with a non-soundproofed exterior dishwasher but not unbearable. I opted not to do a permanent drain installation although the hose is provided if desired to set it up. The machine takes up a large part of the counter, about the size of a very large microwave but I had the space so it was not an issue. The average height under most cabinets is about 18 so the machine will fit right under it with about an inch to spare. It is wide, about 22 so be sure of where you want to put it if space is an issue.Use caution loading delicate glassware as long stemmed wine glasses will not fit in an upright position. I had to lay them on the side and carefully balance them in the basket so as not to chip them. The flared type will only comfortably allow about 4 in the machine if you don't want to chip them but they will get clean. It may be possible to get some type of dishwasher accessory to balance the glasses and thereby allow more to fit but I have not looked into yet. There is a gentle cycle and if you use those pre-made detergent pellets for dishwashers; you avoid a mess adding it to the machine and the entire pellet dissolves and the glasses sparkle. Tall, delicate drinking glassware will fit, up to 16 oz size but again, pack carefully to avoid chipping the lip. My plates are a bit larger than the standard 10, mine are 11, so I have to let them lean on a diagonal to fit which reduces the space just a bit. A normal pasta pot can fit inside and allows general packing around it for maximum usage without the silverware basket.The machine uses only 2.5 gals of water so I am not feeling wasteful if I do not have a full load; I use more than that washing dishes by hand. It is not necessary to immediately unload the machine when the cycle finishes, just turn off the water, do a final pressure release and walk away. You may open the door and let the dishes completely air dry overnight and then put away the next day.I would recommend this product or similar for those who do not create enough of a mess in a day to warrant a full-size washer or who are short on space or who just wants something compact. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:34:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60814949	We just had a new mile dishwasher installed, and had the same issue, about the door being stuck in the open position. called tech support, they were very helpful, and my waiting time on the phone was less than 30 seconds. They also told me to be assertive and pull the door AWAY from the arm piece attaching it, and that it would get easier over time......so i'm doing another load. Glad it was a simple problem. Would have been nice if the authorized installers were a little more knowledgable, they made me feel very uncertain about a great product. 	meg13	10-21-2015 20:34:43	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
67993037	This dishwasher didn't work well from day 1...dishes and glasses were never fully cleaned...stay away from Frigidaire products. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:46:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaint	false
79921183	This is probably a good dishwasher but everyone hides the details of how hard or cumbersome it is to hook up and use. Even the so-called user photos are staged to hide the connections and do not show what it does to the usability of your sink after installation. I don't think these photos were submitted by an actual buyer. Probably an employee of Haier. I want to buy one but won't until I find out and see the connections and their design. Is the sink even useable after install? Do you have to disconnect it everytime you want to use your sink? Is there storage provision for the drain hose when not being used or is this thing always hanging in your sink. I would like to see some legitimate clear pictures showing just how well it is designed and how the water is connected. Does it have a pass-thru connection so you can use your faucet without disconnecting it? To much vagueness and not enough worthwhile pictures. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:46:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	Unsuitable tags for this review	false
29787828	Steer clear of Maytag, they have a VERY POOR product, and zero customer service. This is a company that DOES NOT stand behind their product, they use loop holes and play games with their customers. We purchased our Maytag dishwasher from Home Depot and it was delivered and installed on Saturday. Yesterday afternoon it stopped working, after looking in the user manual it was determined that service was needed on it...after 2  days and 3 wash loads. My husband called Home Depot and they tried bending over backward to get us a replacement but called back and told us that here hands were tied by Maytag's policies, we were informed that Maytag has a 48 hour return window and that we were just HOURS outside of that and were told to call and explain to Maytag that we were UNABLE to call last night. We called Maytag and they did not care. I was passed to 3 different people including a supervisor who would only say that they could send out a technician on FRIDAY. We purchased a $500 dishwasher that worked for 2 days and now we are stuck without one. I had to hold my ground very stubbornly and DEMAND that she call the technicians in our area to get us fit in so that we were not without this much needed appliance for 3 days. She finally got a hold of someone who said he will be out tomorrow. We are EXTREMELY angered, disappointed and frustrated with the pure lack of customer service on Maytag behalf. Home Depot has been GREAT. Think twice before purchasing Whirlpool or Maytag! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:46:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More information about the specific component that cause DW to stop working	false
73928227	My wife and I purchased the Frigidaire professional series dishwasher (with stainless steel interior) in anticipation of the birth of our twins. We thought paying $800 for a dishwasher meant it would last a while. From the beginning we noticed the bottom rack would stick a bit on one side or the other when sliding it in after loading it up with dishes. It was a minor annoyance but we assumed the wheels were getting caught up on the track. Over the two years that we have owned it we discovered what the problem was. The metal flange that holds the rubber gasket in place on the inside of the dishwasher had broken a rivet which caused the metal flange to get in the way of the bottom rack when sliding it in and out. , And over the 2 years it had gotten worse to the point that it is impossible to load the dishwasher without picking up the entire rack a foot off the door and putting placing it into the dishwasher. Or simply loading the dishes while the rack is still inside the dishwasher. Either way it is unusable to us. I spoke with a Frigidaire repairman who said he had seen this problem before and it was not repairable. Frigidaire customer service offered us a 10% discount on parts to repair a  un-repairable dishwasher and would do nothing else for our troubles or acknowledge the design flaw. We are extremely displeased with the quality of appliances today especially Frigidaire/Electrolux. The individuals that run these companies are always looking for a way to squeeze out a couple more cents in profit from the products they sell and this leads to poor design and engineering. Not from the designers and engineers but from the CEO's and top shareholders. I am equally annoyed at todays sales people who know nothing about the products they sell and feel they need to give you any kind of answer even if it is incorrect. I have noticed other complaints about Frigidaire's dishwashers and will personally not be buying any of the products they produce. What happen to appliances that use to last 30 years? 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:46:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
87174944	I'm about to go buy another dishwasher as soon as I finish this review.  My dishwasher is just over 2yrs old, and it's dead completely, it's just outside the warranty, and I just paid $175 for two different reputable repairment to give me not one but two opinions, both of there conclusions was the electonic board in the machine is completely dead and would cost over %500 to replace.  The second repairman save yourself the headaches and just buy a new Different brand because SAMSUNG as a brand is HORRIBLE.  Over the past year I've spent atleast $400 in other repairs on the machine.  He said BOSCH or KitchenAid is the best appliances, SAMSUNG being the worst!  I personnally will never buy ANYTHING SAMSUNG again. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:46:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
85331076	I am not going to write a super techy review because if you are like me, you just want to know whether a product is bad or something to brag about.  I'm telling you, I LOVE this dishwasher.  I have owned and rented homes with built-in washers, so I have something to compare it to, and it is a REAL, fully functional dishwasher.I have a small 1930s kitchen, and have been handwashing my dishes for about 4 years now.  (I HATE handwashing dishes ever since I was a kid and my mom made me wash for the entire family of 9 people.) After much reviewing of portable dishwashers, I finally selected this model, and boy, am I glad I did.  It is excellent.  It washes everything squeaky clean and it dries them well.  It holds a lot, including a platter and serving dishes.  An added bonus that I didn't even consider when I purchased it is the fact that I don't have to look at dirty dishes around my kitchen.  I can load and store them in the dishwasher until I'm ready to run it, and it keeps my countertops free for other functions like food prep!This is a high quality dishwasher and it's worth the extra expense.  The stainless steel interior is sharp, and the outside looks nice, too.  I purchased the white one to match my fridge and cabinets.  Again, I love it.  No more struggling to keep my kitchen clean.Note that I did have to wait almost 2 months for it to arrive, but again, well worth it!! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:51:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23066360	I never write reviews but I want to save people our agrivation.  The only reason it gets one star is because it is quiet. We bought this dishwasher a year and a half ago and I am now washing dishes by hand.  We bought this dishwasher because of the brand and stainless steel tub.  Hated it the first month due to the small top for glasses.  Now I hate it because it does not clean our dishes.  This is the only dishwasher I have ever had to call a repair company to fix within the first year.  I should have returned it within thirty days.  Save your money and don't buy this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:51:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
82874877	I just installed this dishwasher in my home and used it for two loads of dishes. My first impression is that this dishwasher works great. The dishes and glasses were very dirty. I scraped them off and rinsed some of the dishes and the glasses came out sparkly clean. Some of the dishes were not as clean as I would have liked, but I think that is because there was dried food on the plates.I am happy so far with the machine and I would recommend it. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:51:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59066798	I read all the reviews and decided as long as it didn't leak (like some had reported) it would work for me. I was nervous about my 11 inch plates not fitting but they do fit, tilt them to the side and it works fine. If you have big plates you can't fit as many in at once because of the tilting but that's ok with me. I got it because I was sick of washing baby bottles and along with a nipple holder that I purchased separately it cleans them pretty well. I have a family of 4 and itholds quite a bit, although sometimes I end up running it 2 times a day, once in the morning (from all the dinner dishes) and once in the afternoon (from all the dishes throughout the day). Most days I just run it once and hand wash a couple of pots that didn't all fit. Overall I am very pleased and I no longer have a sink full of dirty dishes.A few things I didn't like:I am a directions person and the directions on how to set it up are written/translated awful, luckily my husband just came in and connected everything without even looking at the directions so it may be pretty easy- just not for me because I prefer a detailed step by step. Bit I should say that any trouble I have had has been easily corrected with the troubleshooting section of the directions.I am really happy with my purchase and haven't noticed an increase in gas or water bill. If you have smaller plates you could probably cram this thing full and only run it when you need to, but even with larger dishes like mine I am perfectly pleased! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:51:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
35724421	My husband and I moved into a place with NO dishwasher. We got VERY tired of washing everything by hand, which we did for over a year. We finally decided to invest in a countertop dishwasher. This is the BEST thing we have ever bought. It is so easy to hook up and to use. I love it! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:51:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23516931	This is the perfect dishwasher for a small kitchen. Very effective and although it does not have a heating cycle, the dishes and silverware are clean and shiny when they come out. It moves easily around the kitchen and I find the top a usable surface also. Easy to hook up and use. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:56:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80085815	this is a great product.it is very quiet,i was looking for a drinking glass and opened the dishwaser to find one it was running.That is quiet! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:56:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70052022	I hardly even need to write this review considering the others, but I'm so mad that I'm going to anyway. Awful dishwasher, has never washed dishes, they come out dirtier than they went in. I'm replacing my 2-year old washer with a Bosch. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:56:51	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
77611446	love this dishwasher! i live in a one bedroom so this is perfect for me. jsut beware it's REALLY heavy. just taking it out of the box was a pain for me, so i ended up buying a rolling cart to drag this to and from my closet when not in use. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:56:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23244320	This dishwasher looks beautiful.  The sleek hidden interface and stainless steel tub gives any kitchen a touch of class.  I also like the room on the bottom shelf to fit larger dishes.  It has a few nice accessories that come with the unit.  I bought it to match my other Electrolux appliances.Beyond that, I have had nothing but issues.(1) Put any tray, cookie sheet, etc. and the tub leaks out the sides.  This has happened numerous times.(2) My husband calls the dishwasher process the 'ceremonial' wash because it does a great job at sanitizing, but takes none of the food parts off of the plate.(3) Sometimes the dishwasher stops with an Error Code 01.  I see no water issues.  Sometimes you simply restart it, and it starts working again.  Sometimes not.(4) Two separate times I had a guest come over and lean on the dishwasher.  It turned the display off and it took quite some time to get the unit back to normal mode.  We thought it lost power completely and removed the whole unit from the cabinet space to look at the electrical setup.Before this Electrolux model I had a 15 year old GE Profile series dishwasher.  I am actually considering throwing out my new dishwasher and buying a new one. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 20:56:51	No Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	No	More information about the specific components that are causing these complaints	false
20297634	Performance-wise, the only good thing about this machine is that it's super quite. Unlike our ten-year old Maytag, it's barely inaudible...however, also unlike our Maytag, it has mediocre cleaning performance. Nothing but Power Scrub mode will get all of the dishes clean all of the time, and that's still not even a guarantee. I can't count the number of times under normal wash that a pot has come out of the machine still dirty...pots placed face-down, unobstructed at the bottom of the machine in direct line with the spray nozzles. These aren't hard baked-on stains either. These are stains that require a gentle scrub from the soft side of a sponge to get rid of. Same goes for various silverware and cooking utensils.This model's mediocre Normal mode cleaning is barely offset by its silent operation and stainless-steel/aluminum construction. However, factor in the price and you end up with a dishwasher with a poor price/performance ratio. I can't speak for the other LG models. Hopefully, they fare much better than this one. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:01:17	No Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
67261843	The product had everything in the box to install it except the fitting to hook up the water supply.I have installed three diswashers in the 16 years that I have owned the house I live in,and, every dishwasher had all the parts to install it,except this one.To get the fitting I needed I had to drive 50 miles round trip to find a $6.00 part,I think this is riduculous 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:01:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51542540	We bought the LG LDF7932ST steam dishwasher at Best Buy.  To be fair it did a great job on the dishes.  It is a little more awkward to load than other dishwashers I have used, but, the dishes came out clean, it was quiet, it looks nice, and I didn't have to wash them myself.At a few months shy of the two year mark we started with the difficulties.  When the HE symbol (heating element) came on we went to our manual, and it said to call LG at the given number. They wanted all your information and needed a faxed copy of your receipt.  Fortunately, because we bought it at Best Buy, they stepped up and even faxed the information to them for us.  Still they make you wait a few days, then you call to check up....and they say a few more days.  We asked to speak to a supervisor, they REFUSED to let us speak to a supervisor.  Only one man seems to answer the phone....is it possible that LG repairs are so difficult because they have only one bored employee :) .  Any way, not being willing to go weeks without a dishwasher, I said lets just call a repair man, they fix it and were done.  Oops, did you ever hear that not a lot of repair places will work on LG appliances (parts are hard to get).  When we did find one we were told that they would probably have to order the parts special...I'm not looking forward to paying this bill.  For me, if I could go back in time, I would have bought a different brand, with proven customer service.  When I bought it the reviews were great....now that everyone has owned it for 2 years...not so good. I have an LG Washer, LG dryer, LG refrigerator...I thought the brand was wonderful, but, I never needed help before.  I will rethink my opinion of LG after this. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:01:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
68476999	I recently bought the white exterior version. So far, so good, but with a few caveats, which are enumerated below.It replaces a 14-year-old Kenmore [KitchenAid, I believe] unit that evidently rusted through the interior door panel, causing a short in the control circuit board. Instead of attempting a repair and risking future water-induced electrical failures or even a fire, I shut off the power and water supply and decided to replace it. Installation was VERY easy, and the instructions were clear and easy to follow.1) I greatly miss having a progress row of LEDs, telling me which cycle it is on. (That will be another $200 for a higher-end model, please.)2) As others have noted, the soap door is somewhat flimsy and temperamental, to the point that I treat mine VERY gently.3) I also greatly miss having a rinse-and-hold cycle. (That will be another $200 for a higher-end model, please).4) I got the hang of cycle cancellation ala Bosch (treat it like a computer and hold the on button for awhile), but the Kitchaid had a convenient and much-appreciated drain-and-cancel button.5) The lower rack's wheelset is flimsy, and it is VERY easy to get it off track. This was never an issue with the KitchenAid, for which I do not recall ever having a rack derailment. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:01:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48357524	We just bought this to replace a Bosh.  The Bosh was highly rated in Consumer Reports but it drove us crazy when cooking sheets or casserole dishes couldn't fit.  We actually have two dishwashers, side by side in out kitchen so that when one is full, we can start the next. We seldom have to get out the hand dishwashing soap. We had a Maytag and a Bosh and found that the maytag fit the big stuff and Bosh didn't. We went shoping with this in mind and found that the Maytag models had the best racks.  The top rack has a shallow side and deep side.  So the cookie sheets have plenty of room on Left where the top is shallow. We love loading in those big items that actually fit. If you use a dishwasher just for plates and cups it just doesn't matter. We may be lazy but we like to put everything possible in the dishers.  THANK YOU Maytag designers for making the best racks out there! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:01:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17218004	I bought one of these 8 months ago and I couldn't be more pleased with it.  It is quiet and performs perfectly.  I like the removeable silverware basket which can be placed on the door or in the upper rack.  No complaints about anything.  It was a great buy for the money. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:08:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88775833	This item works as described and actually better than my built in unit. It came double boxed and well protected arrived in 3days I have been using this unit for about a month with not a single problem. I would highly recomend this unit. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:08:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
89309399	There comes a point in every young(ish) woman's life when the realization that 1) moving out of an apartment and 2) into a house with a regular sized dishwasher is not going to happen tomorrow and for the sake of your own sanity and cuticles you need to address the massive mountains of unwashed dishes covering every square inch (which is only 12 by the way) of your available counter space. For almost 10 years, I've fought the good fight, the noble #34;I'm going to wash my own dishes fight#34; but finally last Saturday I'd had enough.  The camel's back broke and I marched myself over to Amazon without looking back.  Dishes needed to be cleaned.I chose SPT mostly for the comparative price.  I'm not sure why but in some places I've seen it described as #34;silver.#34;  Make no mistake, this product is lily-white...and the best price I could find, so BOOM...bought. (SPT, in case you're wondering stands for SunPenTown...the maker which I'd never heard of but they had believable website and an address in California, so at least on the surface I knew I wasn't buying from the North Koreans or something).It shipped SEVERAL days early.  This only really matters because this package is large and heavy.  You'll want to make sure to have several able-bodied folks with healthy low backs to get this behemoth up to wherever you live.  Thanks to the kindness of two strapping strangers in my building (#34;Well, *hello* boys)...it reached my 3rd floor walk-up if only by the grace of god.There's an arduous amount of packing which is a good sign, I think.  I was able to lift the unit onto the countertop myself but I'm a power-lifter by hobby so if you're a lithe, diaphanous type (and yes, guys, I'm looking at you too...and you know who you are), then keep one of your luggers around for a minute after they haul the thing upstairs.  The unit was in pristine, beautiful condition.  Yay, packing teams.Set up: pretty simple.  It fit like a gem under my standard-hung cabinets.  No problems there...but given how big a shipping deal this is, measure first.  RETURN SHIPPING IS NOT AN OPTION.  Just meditate on that for a minute.  Now go get your tape measure...scoot, scoot.  Plug in, read the instructions, hook to the faucet. turn on.NOW: I did have 2 tiny issues.  1) they don't tell you that the whole #34;quick adapter#34; thingy comes already put together...in fact, they send you on a treasure hunt to find the faucet adapter that's supposedly separate.  IT IS NOT.  Don't be fooled.  It comes out of the cuff of the white plastic hose hook up by pushing down on the spring-loaded cuff.  2) they tell you the adapter will fit most sinks.  Well, damned if it didn't fit mine.  I called customer service who was very friendly but had no idea about workarounds...they suggested I call a plumber. #34;Um...not for a $220 dishwasher HOOKUP...thanks.#34;  After a little searching and a pep-talk, I headed to Home Depot (which gives me hives) and lo and behold...a whole AISLE full of adapter thingies.  One of the really standard, really cheap ones worked.  So don't panic if it doesn't fit...there's a standard, cheap adapter-for-the-adapter that's out there for you.  Mine was $5.49.Once I figured those 2 things out...I was on my way.  Threw in a tablet-with-rinse-agent thing into the bigger of the 2 soap compartments, followed the instructions for loading the dishes (this is not only handy but actually functional...if you don't follow these instructions things will not be clean...trust me).  My life has never been better.A couple handy tips:-Use hot water out of the faucet not cold (no heating agent in the machine).-Do not run on the same circuit at the same time as, let's say, a microwave (or other high load appliance).  Oops...#34;so THAT's why they call them surge protectors!#34;-Open the door after the cycle is over and let dry that way (no heated drying cycle)-Load on default setting (just one under #34;heavy#34;) is about 80 mins (exactly as stated in manual)-Turn off hot water tap BEFORE undoing the faucet attachment (and USE the pressure release valve...unless you want a facial)Of course, the thing is brand new...but given the majority of other reviews...I've got a feeling everything will be alright.Go ahead...it's time.  You know it is... 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:08:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
68175130	Holy cow!  If you are looking for a small dishwasher, BUY THIS ONE!!!  I was worried about the hassles of using one of these and worried that it wouldn't get dishes clean and thought it would be noisy and ugly.  It's CUTE!  It's QUIET!  Quieter than a regular sized one, seriously!  It's no trouble to use at all, we even leave the little adapter thingy on the faucet all the time, so all I have to do is snap the hose in place. The dishes come out clean if you follow the EASY directions.  It looks like a modern-styled beer fridge, love the color.  It's easy to clean the filter thing, I have been delighted with this product, it's perfect for the two of us.  Thank you EdgeStar!! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:08:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49270247	This is a great dishwasher - takes up very little space, does an amazing job cleaning, and easy to install and use.  We use it at least once a day, with the dishwashing gelpacs from cascade, and it functions as well as any built-in model we have ever used.  The instructions say to use powder detergent, but it's easier and just as functional to use the premeasured gelpacs.  It can hold up to four place settings, or several small pots and pans.  I would recommend this product to anyone. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:08:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71300642	Took just a few minutes to setup, installed easily.  The faucet attachment works perfectly.Just ran the first load.  It was really quiet and cleaned everything well.  Can't wait to run it again!Update:  We've had it for just over a month now, and it is still working well!  Wife is very happy with it.Update 2: Over 3 months in, its working great!  I'll never go back to hand washing, ever! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:14:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77501237	I've had this dishwasher since Nov. of 2007. I think after 5 years of usage my review is pretty accurate.Pro:It will clean the dishes on the heavy duty cyle well.Cons:1. Very loud. I can't hear the tv in the living room or have a conversation with someone in the kitchen when the dishwasher is running.2. I have to frequently add extra water in the begining of the cylce because some times the disherwasher won't add any and will run dry. Without water in the tub how are the dishes supposed to come clean?3. There is only one cycle if you want your dishes clean...heavy duty.4. It hasn't broken yet....yes I've tried to curse this dishwasher so I can buy a new one. Sigh...still working. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:14:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
77254601	Love the features, and despite the other reviews does indeed get our dishes clean, including removing lipstick from wine glasses and egg yolk from plates, both notoriously hard to clean.My issue is that the quality/durability of the item is questionable. Ours developed a short in the control panel at 13 months, right after the full warrantee expired. Customer service was pretty good, but the first LG service rep they recommended was sub-par and failed to diagnose the problem costing us $140 and then refused to return our calls when the repair was not done properly. Ultimately, this high-end dishwasher, barely out of warrantee cost an additional $300+ in labor costs to repair.Bottom line, I like the functionality of the dishwasher, but will think twice before buying another LG product based upon the questionable quality of this product. P-( 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:14:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51046085	I live in a new housing development. Like many of our neighbors, we bought a Kitchen Aid dish washer. After only a little over a year, one of our neighbors told us that they had to get their dish washer repaired because it was leaking. Soon after they told us about this, our dish washer started to leak badly as well from the bottom of the door.We do not use our dish washer heavily (perhaps twice a week). None of the issues that are listed on the Kitchen Aid web site as a possible cause for this problem are turn in our case (e.g., water too hot, clogged drain).Like our experience, the experience of our neighbors and the accounts below, it would appear that these dish washers start failing after about a year. This is truly shocking considering the fact that these are considered high end dish washers. There was a time with American appliance lasted years without problems. Now that so much manufacturing has been offshored, quality seems to have declined. Even for high end brands like Kitchen Aid.I am disgusted.  A call is in to get the disk washer repaired. Given the reviews of Kitchen Aid dish washers, you might carefully consider whether you want to spend money on such an expensive service magnet. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:14:34	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information about Component Defect that caused this leaking	false
38022609	UPDATE:It's still a great washer but here are some tips:1.Make sure you regularly hand-tighten the cables in the back or you will spend a lot of time trying to figure out why it leaks. (You can kinda get your hand in the crevace in back.2. It will take forever to was dishes or not to as great a job unless it's on the cup/single wineglass setting. Anything further to the right = a good few hours a load.3. The red light in the middle means you need to a add dish drying agent (the blue stuff)--without this it starts washing and drying poorly. Pour in enough so the light goes out. Apparently it's the compartment underneath the compartment visible that your are filling (when you do that rather than the upper compartment it will last a month like it says it will in the manual.)4. I no longer bother to close the soap tray since it won't open anymore on it's own, and there is no real need to close it anyway.That's about as far as I got out of the manual and the good news is it still exists online (for those of us that can never find the manual in the sea of manuals).I still love my machine and it does a super job. I don't always pre-wash or presoak and it does a great job, with the occasional re-wash of a second cycle required. Also, getting the right fitting on your sink faucet is crucial for avoiding leaks. When you get it right you probably should never remove the attachment nose again (meaning it's a real pain if you want to hook up a water filter or portable clothes washer to the same sink with a different size fitting.--If you insist on doing this your solo socks will come in handy to tie of the sink leaks.)****************************My Danby started leaking out the side so I bout this one.  It is much quieter, more energy efficient and looks better.  I can even run it at night.  The only thing I'd change is make the outlet valves metal instead of plastic.  The directions tell you which spoon to put where which is a bit OCD.  Forks only go in certain holes.  Why? 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:14:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
45692648	Great looking product / cheap piece of trash. My unit is less than 6 months old and I have had the repair techs out three times (should have called them even more). Cheap gaskets, deflectors, nothing seals. These dishwashers will RUIN your floors and cabinets. Boy am I ever sorry I bought Frigidare. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:23:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35589605	I bought my Danby dishwasher about a year and a half ago.  I have a very tiny kitchen in a studio apartment, so there is no room for a full-sized dishwasher.  This product is excellent!  My kitchen faucet was old (from the 1940s), so I had to go to the hardware store to buy an appropriate faucet adapter.  That didn't take long to figure out.  I have never had any leaks with this dishwasher, and it really does clean dishes well.  Besides four place settings, you can also wash large casserole dishes and mixing bowls if you position them inside the dishwasher carefully.  As far as noise goes, I barely hear this machine when I'm sitting in my living room.  I don't know how the rinse agent dispenser works, and when I called Danby customer service about it, they were very helpful.  They said that if I use Cascade Complete dishwashing detergent (which I do) I don't need to fill the rinse agent dispenser.  So I don't worry about it.  I don't have spotting, and dishes come out sparkling clean!  I highly, highly recommend this product! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:23:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70605910	We purchased our Maytag dishwasher in 2009. The electrical panel failed in 2010 and was replaced under an extended warranty plan. The panel has failed again and Maytag doesn't seem interested in finding out why or fixing the problem.  Original purchase price was $883.00 and the extended warranty was $178.14.  And all we've got to show for is a dishwasher that is four years old and does not work.  Calls to Maytag customer service have been pointless since they are not interested in quality control or customer service. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:23:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
18720251	I came across this while looking for parts (again) for this POS dishwasher.  It's horrible.We had some code right after the warranty expired and it turned out to be the entire motor assembly in the bottom of the unit.  That worked for a week, then the main board was dead and had to be replaced.Luckily, I'd purchased an extended warranty after the motor was replaced and that was covered.Since then, it threw the dreaded HE error.  It turns out that our Steam Generator and the heater in the tub (which had already been replaced when he motor assembly was replaced) were both bad.Now, it looks like the main board is dead (again) as we're getting HE codes yet again.This thing sucks so badly I think it's going to suck all of the life out of me.I will never ever buy anything from LG again.  If you do a search, the dishwashers are all terrible, customer service is terrible, it sounds like the washer/dryers aren't a lot better.Luxurious Garbage it is.When it did work though, it sure was nice.  The problem is that it's more often broken than working. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:23:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21772286	We loved how this dishwasher performed. Completely washed baked on food, dried all the way without spots, very quiet. But the top rack support broke after only 5 months. Come on KitchenAid, you do this for a living. I replaced my old machine because it had become a repair hog. I expect this $1100 machine to at least make it through the warranty period. Shame on you. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:23:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
9699879	I agree with Kay and Kirsty - this dishwasher is poorly designed, poorly constructed and does a poor job washing dishes.  The silverware tray is soft, cheap plastic and putting it on the door is the worst idea I've ever seen in a dishwasher.  It leaves debris on the dishes no matter which cycle you use, and does not get the silverware clean.It is quiet - probably because its not doing anything.  It does match the fridge, but its so worthless that we usually just hand wash the dishes instead of using it because you end up having to hand wash dishes after they come out of this machine anyway.  We all hate it and wish we could take it back. It deserves zero stars - DO NOT BUY! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:34:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaints	false
23326915	This is not the machine you want.  It is expensive and the top rack wheels are cheap plastic that will break within a year, year and a half.  The parts to fix it are extremely expensive and again are cheap plastic. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:34:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66343991	We rent and couldn't plumb a built-in, so it works for us.  There's only two of us, so we don't run it everyday, but it's nice to have so there's less unhappiness about unwashed dishes in the sink.  The best is when we have parties, since cleaning up the aftermath can be daunting the next morning.  We used to have dinner parties 2-3 times a month, we're now up to 3-6 times a month since we got the dishwasher. It does take up a lot of counter space near the sink (you need to connect the hot water hose to it), so I would not recommend to people who can't bear to give up that real estate. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:34:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
91018735	This is my second Frigidaire dishwasher; it replaced one that was about ten years old and whose motor burned out for no special reason.  Since we cut out a cabinet to make room for it, I had to get the same size, except that it is shorter than the one it replaced and also has less capacity (shorter baskets).We have tried every soap known to man (Biokleen seems to be the best) and even if we rinse the dishes practically clean, we find at least a handful of items in every cycle that need to be rewashed.  If I need to completely wash and sanitize the dishes in the sink before loading the machine, I think I'd rather have my cabinet back!We have also had the same problem Jason describes above; it stops in mid-cycle (sometimes with the water running!) so we don't dare leave it running when nobody is home.At least the old one got things clean most of the time.  I would not recommend this product; Sears also makes one this size (not sure who manufactures it) but I've never used it so have no idea if it's better 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:34:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing these complaints	false
20717750	I bought this model at home depot for about $800.  It worked great for 10 months then the direct drive broke.  Service tech came out and repaired it under warranty.  It's been about 10 months more and I'm sitting here writting this review listening to the drive grind away toward complete failure a 2nd time.  How do you build a $800 dishwasher that breaks every 10 months.  It's not even worth repairing it again.  A horrible, horrible, pathetic, expensive, poor quality LG dishwasher.  I highly do NOT recommend this. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 21:34:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
62115455	I decided to switch from Kitchen Aid to Bosch, big mistake.  After 30 days, I exchanged it to a Kitchen Aid.  While Bosch cleans nice and it is quiet, the tightness and design of the tines on the racks are awful.  If you only wish to wash plates, it works great.  Otherwise, nothing fits between the tines and the height of each tine varies so things fall over.  Hate it!!!!  I don't recommend this....save yourself the headache. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:10:01	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83919646	The drawer rack is cheap and broke after about a years use. I would not recommend wasting your money on this item. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:10:01	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73347918	Given as a wedding gift to a couple who had no room to place a built in one.  They love it.  So far working great. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:10:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23563143	I bought this dishwasher about a year ago.  I use it daily.  It is a wonderful appliance.  It is very quiet.  I use a setting where the cycle takes 70 minutes to complete.My kitchen is very small and I had no room for it on my counter top.  I had a carpenter remove two bottom drawers from cabinets next to my sink and build a flat floor in the open space to set the dishwasher.  She also drilled two holes in the back of the cabinet wall so that the plumbing and electrical connections could extend under the sink.  Then I had an electrician install an outlet under the sink to plug in the dishwasher.  And finally, I had a plumber install the dishwasher so that it was connected to my hot water and connected to the sink drain.  The cost for the carpenter, electrician and plumber was less than $1200.  The cost was well worth having the dishwasher out of the way and permanently connected to the hot water and sink drain.  The dishwasher works and looks like an installed dishwasher.When I first started using the dishwasher, I smelled what I thought was burning rubber.  The odor was not strong, but it was there.  My son told me not to worry, that the dishwasher had a rubber gasket seal and would probably smell for a while when it got hot.  Over time the smell went away.  I have two complaints about the dishwasher.  The design of the dish rack could be improved.  I think it is designed for miniature dishes. It is sometimes a challenge to get everything in, but I seldom have to run it a second time to get all the dishes done. My second complaint is the dispenser for the rinse aid.  I can't tell when it is low, and when filling it, I can't tell when it is full.  Thankfully, the panel has a light that comes on when the rinse dispenser is low.I rinse the dishes well before washing them, because I don't want to have to bother with cleaning the drain trap.  I use Seventh Generation dish soap and rinse and my dishes come out clean and shiny.I LOVE this dishwasher.  It was the best purchase I have made in a long time! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:10:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
58406836	I've had my Electrolux dishwasher for a couple of months now, and it hasn't broken down yet.  However, I'm not totally satisfied with the way it cleans.First of all, I use a lot of bowls, and it's a little hard to fit the bowls in the dishwasher, so I end up using about 50% of the capacity.Secondly, I don't think it cleans that well.  I have to rinse and wipe the plates  utensils before I put them in; otherwise, they come out with food particles still on them.  Even the insides of the dishwasher looks spotty when the cycle's done.Thirdly, it's supposed to be pretty quiet, but I don't find it that quiet. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:10:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
33723865	I lasted 3 years without a dishwasher but it was driving me nuts. Our kitchen is tiny so we got this EdgeStar countertop dishwasher. We might have got the Danby but it's only available in white and all our kitchen is black/silver so we got the EdgeStar.Had to go to the store to get an adapter to make this work with my type of faucet... no big deal. Plugged it in and it will work for up to ten minutes before shutting off and noting E1, error message 1 taking too long to fill up with water which is likely a water pressure issue.I don't have any method to change the water pressure in my home so must return. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:43:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	Available tags are unsuitable, user water pressure is issue (unrelated to dishwasher components)	false
40206119	Bosch DishwasherModel #SHE68T55UC/01 FD930800412I was so excited to get this dishwasher. It looks great and I loved that it had a second sprayer. I was also excited about the third rack at the top. This dishwasher promised to be my favorite appliance.I am so disappointed! While it is VERY quiet, all other features have disappointed me so far. It looks beautiful but doesn#8217;t really clean my dishes. Prior to choosing this dishwasher, I looked at the videos online and read several website reviews. I think I may have gotten a different product than everyone else. I have many issues with this product and would NOT recommend this dishwasher.The online video as well as several experts has said NOT to pre-rinse all the dishes. Well, when I don#8217;t, I have to run the dishwasher twice and sometimes even scrub the dishes by hand. I#8217;m not talking about leaving large chunks of food or big globs of ketchup on there. Usually it#8217;s just a few crumb s and scraps.The front panel controls don#8217;t work well and aren#8217;t aligned properly so the button is not centered under the printing. A slight annoyance compared to the rest.The third rack is ABSOLUTELY USELESS. Nothing ever gets clean up there.The middle rack with the extra sprayer has to be pushed in just right in order for the sprayer to work. When in a rush  (and I always seem to be in a rush) that doesn#8217;t always happen.One the bottom rack has some weight added it comes off the tracks making it impossible to push in. Yes, this is the rack where most people put their dishes and pans so there is bound to be some weight on it. I#8217;ve had this come off the track rattling my dishes almost as often as I use it. When you get the rack really full, it#8217;s very difficult to get the rack back on track without taking out the dishes.Finally, my dishes don#8217;t get dry! Why would I want an almost $1,000 dishwasher and still have to towel dry my dishes?I contacted Bosch about the bottom rack coming off the track and they told me it was because the dishwasher wasn#8217;t leveled properly at install. Well, I guess I#8217;ll have to live with that because there is no way I#8217;m dealing with this retailer again.This is not Bosch#8217;s fault, however, this product was purchased by my home warrantee insurance company from Sears. I#8217;ve never had such a terrible customer service experience in my entire life. Apparently Sears can#8217;t figure out how to do what the rest of the industry is doing. I had to schedule the delivery of the dishwasher for a day without any time frame given for delivery. Not until after 6pm the night before do they call you with a delivery time window. They don#8217;t call you with options, just a take-it-or-leave-it window of time. If that doesn#8217;t work for you then you have to schedule another day in the future and again wait until 6pm the night before. Here#8217;s the kicker. They only deliver the item. THEY DON#8217;T INSTALL IT that day. Now you have to schedule the installer and go through this process all over again.After two days at home, the installers didn#8217;t showed up.  After many angry phone calls, including one to the Sears Corporate office, I was able to schedule installation on a day and time that worked for me. Apparently, this alternate installer doesn#8217;t really do dishwashers.Now I am stuck with a dishwasher that doesn#8217;t work well and I don#8217;t have a reliable retailer to fix the issue for me. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:43:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65858498	Boy, I was all anxious to write a five-star glowing review for this dishwasher, until I read the reviews here at Amazon!  (It's funny, I didn't think hardly anyone did large appliance reviews here, so I didn't even think to look.)  I still must write the review I intended, however, but will make a comment about a concern at the end of the review.This dishwasher was bought to replace a three rack Maytag.  For those who are not familiar with this three rack dishwasher, unlike current dishwashers that have a third rack on the top, the Maytag had a third rack on the bottom.  It was just a wide open rack, where you could so easily fit large roasting pans, large casserole dishes, large holiday platters, etc.  Once you have this rack, it is most difficult to give it up.  In fact, you see the dishwashers of others that have no such third rack, and you feel sorry for them, and see their dishwasher as being inferior.  You want a third rack Maytag forever.  Except there is one major problem--it keeps breaking!  Both models I used, broke an abnormal amount of times, especially the last model.  The control panel had to be replaced so many times I lost count.  Fortunately, it was never not on a service contract, and Maytag ended up paying thousands of dollars to keep the dishwasher running!Enough was enough, however.  Time to switch models.Consumer Reports (1-year auto-renewal)appeared to be quite fond of KitchenAid dishwashers in their most current dishwasher tests, and this KitchenAid won out this summer.  It has an incredible amount of space between the top of the dishwasher and the first rack, and even much, much more between the top rack and the bottom rack.  This made giving up the three rack Maytag much easier.  Because all those big pans and casserole dishes can still be put in this dishwasher with no problem.  I put a 17x14 roasting pan in it last night.  (You put it on the left of the bottom rack, and tilt it a bit forward when you slide in the rack, so it fits in a groove on the bottom of the top rack.  The spin arm on the bottom rack does not hit it.)  It's easy to fit tall glasses on the top rack, too, much taller ones than those that fit in the Maytag.  Also, the silverware holder in this KitchenAid makes you wonder how you ever managed with that little itty-bitty one in the Maytag.  I tossed aside the dividers in it, though, as soon as I saw them.  They're a pain, and you don't need them.  The silverware always comes out clean.Everything comes out clean.  Instead of using the dishwasher detergent compartment, however, I'm tossing theFinish Powerball Tabs Dishwasher Detergent, Fresh Scent, 85-Countin the bottom of the dishwasher, and just closing the empty compartment.  I started doing this when the Finish started dissolving in the compartment, and not coming out.  (It's obviously not fresh detergent.)  Even when it failed to come out, however, the dishes still came out clean!  The sample of rinse-aid ran out, too, and it has not been replaced.  Still, no problem with drying, even though the manual says there would be.  I've tried both the normal cycle and the 1 hour cycle, and see no difference in cleaning results.  The normal cycle takes an hour longer, though, which KitchenAid says saves energy.  Personally, I can't see running a wash cycle for two hours, when you can run it for one, so I always use the 1 hour cycle now.  The drying time is an additional 52 minutes.  The lights are cool on this totally quiet KitchenAid, too--blue lights means it's washing, a red light means it's drying, and a green light means it's time to put away dishes again.  Oh, and there are also power spray washers in the back of the dishwasher that I have not tried.  It's for very dirty pans and such, and you are suppose to face them towards the back of the dishwasher, not the front, and choose the pro scrub option.  (Oops . . . almost forgot the gorgeous stainless steel interior!)I have never used a KitchenAid appliance, and am very impressed.  Yet, according to other reviewers there may be major problems coming up in the future with this dishwasher, such as a faulty control panel.  That would be Maytag all over again!  Hopefully, that will not happen, but if it does, I will be back to update this review.  And if KitchenAid cares anything about the reviews of its appliances here at Amazon, they are going to be very, very sorry, if I have to update due to major problems with this dishwasher! :) 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:43:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49757369	Honestly, who orders a dishwasher on line???  We were having a very hard time finding the right size and this worked.  Love it. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:43:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58533328	Will not dry, does not wash well, and it makes horrible metal on metal sounds. We have had the mechanism replaced 3 times and have given up. I believe in their attempt to make a tall tub, they made the wash/pump/heat mechanism TOO small and unreliable. Our dishwasher repairman says these LG products keep him very well paid as he goes from one to the other all day. Lowes will not sell these, and shame on Home Depot or anyone else that does. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:43:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33437874	Outside of stainless steel front door rusted after only 3 months of use.I thought Stainless steel was not suppose to rust.I called Whirlpool who now owns Kitchenaid and was told the rust on the outside is considered under the warranty to be cosmetic and not covered. I argued it was the use of inferior materials and not stainless steel as the claimed in their advertising.The person I talked to SAID that was just too bad and hung up on me.I am going to file a false advertising claim against the company if I can find how to do that.ABSOLUTELY DON'T BUY ANY KITCHENAID OR WHIRLPOOL PRODUCTS, THE ARE THE SAME COMPANY AND MAKE JUNK.The model of my dishwasher is: KUDC10FSXSS5 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:52:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67370811	I took delivery of this dishwasher on 10/02/13, upon using it for the first time, I received an error code, I called 1-800-Samsung to begin my nightmare of endless run around from incorrect information to being placed on hold. My first call I was told that a technician would call between 24 to 48 hrs.,that didn't happen, called back told I was given incorrect info, would have to make a service call, had to wait another 5 days, technician came, determined the appliance had to be replaced. Then the nightmare begins, 53 minutes on hold to determine the technician has not filed the paperwork, next day the same thing, only thing that they can do is schedule another service call that would probably be the same technician again wait for the determination to be made if the item should be returned, it is now 10/31/13, and I am not any closer to a Samsung resolution, besides they would not allow me to speak to a supervisor.  Unfortunately I alsopurchased their top refrigerator, if something happen to that I may have to junk it.  Will never purchase anything from Samsung, customer service terrible. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:52:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component that is causing that error message	false
33770708	This Whirlpool Gold dishwasher is very quiet.  The dishes come out clean.  The slots in the front basket could be a little larger, but it's not bad. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28785093	I did extensive reviews of dishwashers and narrowed it down to Kenmore or Bosch.  I'm really glad I got the Bosch.  It does a great job of cleaning the dishes (no pre-rinsing needed) and is VERY quiet. The two concerns noted elsewhere on the internet (small capacity and no drying element) are not an issue for me. I live in AZ (i.e. low humidity) and the dishes come out pretty dry.  The capacity is a little small, but all my kids are grown and have left the house - so it's big enough for my wife and me.  For the money, this really is the best dishwasher as long as you can live with the two limitations.UPDATE Nov 8th, 2013 - This dishwasher still works great 4.5 years later! No problems at all. Highly recommend! 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:52:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51516022	I had a new Thermador dishwasher installed Friday, and it doesn't drain. We tried calling customer service over the weekend. Nowhere on the manual does it state customer service hours, and the phone message also doesn't explain that there is no weekend service. After being on hold for 30 minutes, after-hours help answered, only to inform us that there is no service until Monday! It would be nice if the manual and phone tree would explain how service works. Additionally, I won't get any help with my issue until this coming Thursday when a technician is scheduled to arrive. To make matters more frustrating, the manual does not troubleshoot drainage issues, so we found their documentation pretty useless. I hope to have a better experience with my appliance when I actually get to use it, but for now my beautiful new washer is sitting in my kitchen for a week with standing water in it that I just spent 15 minutes and 4 towels to bail out. Not what I imagined - a bad first impression with this brand. 	ctress10	10-21-2015 23:52:39	Safety Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Need more information about which component is causing this DW to leak	false
33395491	I live in a small apt without a dishwasher.  I've had this over 2 years and don't know how I did without it.  I recommend the going over the tips I saw in another review, follow them and this little machine will do well for you.  It's also a cute machine and solidly built. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83029137	WARNING:  Do NOT try to take the spray arm apart to clean it. It is NOT a clamshell.This little washer worked perfectly for about six months, until I noticed the plugged-up holes in the sprayer arm.  Aha! said I. Looks like two parts, snapped together. I'll just pry it apart and rinse it out.  Hmmmm. Won't come apart.  Maybe a knife...a screwdriver...yes! a CHISEL!  It never did pop apart, but now it had new chips and holes in the seam. I plugged those with silicone, smoothed it all around, and put the arm back into the machine. But I'd ruined it. Compromised the balance, or something, after messing with it, because now the appliance was shooting all of its water out the bottom of the front door, right past the seals and onto the kitchen floor. It took a year to locate a replacement sprayer. Any plugged holes can be cleaned with a pipe cleaner or a toothpick. Just jab the gunk down into the arm and then rinse the whole thing under running water.This little machine's now two years old and works like it's brand new.  The drain hose is a bit of a pain, because it tends to pop out of the sink when it's full and emptying; you'll want to weight it with something.  And the countertop dimensions probably won't fit under your  cupboards, so be prepared to find something else that's counter height to set it on. I got a rolling cart.And be sure to clean the filter screen.  Piece of cake. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:33:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	spray arm gets clogged and was hard to clean, causing leaks & the hose pops out of the sink	false
81626299	I just bought the Sunpentown Countertop Dishwasher in White, Model SD-2201W, at Walmart for $198.00, and it works GREAT! I read some other reviews about some people saying that this dishwasher's connections leak and you need to get some white plastic tape to fix it. I think maybe they forgot to keep the black plastic washers that are taped to the quick connect connectors. You don't need to buy anything else. Everything is here. Just be careful when taking all the tape off of everything and you will not have any problems with this dishwasher. I did my first full load as soon as I got my dishwasher without the rinse aid and the dishes look great. I left the door open and pulled out the basket so my dishes can air dry. I'm happy I got this little dishwasher! Worth the investment! 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31667031	I've had my little dishwasher for about half a year now. I love it : ) The little plastic thing that holds the detergent door closed broke right away. The good thing is, it still works just as well. I don't even bother to close the detergent door, any more. I wish it had a light to tell me when it was done for sure, that would be my suggested improvement. If you're paying attention it will make a series of beeps to let you know when it's done, but if you're somewhere else or your head is somewhere else (shrug) it's a guessing game. I love this little dishwasher because it does an awesome job cleaning my dishes and it's so easy to use. My boyfriend boycotted dish washing when I bought this machine because he is opposed to anything that takes up counter space, but even though I am now doing more dishes, I can't be happier. It's a simple (love simple) device that does about half what you could do in your big dishwasher. I'm taking it wherever I go and buying another one if it breaks. This machine is that good : )I discovered something called Lemi-Shine from Wally's World that, when a little bit is added when the detergent pack is placed, makes your dishes come out clean and not covered with that icky white stuff. That product made my year!! I told everybody about it and now I'm telling you : ) 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86120417	I have owned this Electrolux dishwasher for several years and I can't wait for it to completely break so I can replace it.  It no longer cleans very well. Is not as quiet as it once was.  Had to replace a filter component that broke within 2 years and not covered by warranty.  The roller assembly is now coming apart when I slide the top shelf out.  Replacement part is less than $25 but I have to completely remove the dishwasher to replace them.  The door squeaks when you open and close it.  Just an overpriced piece of junk.  Buy something else. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:33:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64038872	after an initial good start, the dishes aren't clean and the circuit board is doing random stuff and blinking and starting by itself. awful, awful product. wish i had read these reviews before buying this. frigidaire should be ashamed of itself. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:51:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
82205153	Intermittently shutting off mid-cycle. Finally stopped turning back on. No lights, nothing. Out of warranty, of course. Grrrr...Does no one make a reliable dishwasher? 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:51:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
65959716	I purchased this model last August (August 30, 2010) and it now needs a new control panel (approximately $200).  I am very displeased with the Whirlpool name now and will not purchase another Whirlpool appliance. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:51:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58968468	We've had a couple of Bosch dishwashers with no issues, so we purchased this machine during a recent kitchen remodel. It was installed in Nov 2010. Last week it stopped working - no power. Rather than wait for a repair person, I did some basic diagnostics and discovered that the power connector located at the hottom right behind the kickplate had completely melted, leaving a live wire loose in the metal junction box. The connector from Tyco was easy to source and I was able to quickly replace it - saving losing a days work waiting for someone from Bosch.As I was surprised about the issue, I did some research on the Internet and discovered that a large number of people had reported the same problem - Bosch have apparently told them it's an installation issue. I find this hard to believe as it's pretty simple to connect 3 wires! Bosch have an ongoing recall for earlier dishwashers (an unrelated issue). If you search for Bosch recall and look for comments you'll find people talking about this problem on their later generation machines.While the dishwasher works well, IT CANNOT BE RECOMMENDED until Bosch replace the connector with a more durable item. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:51:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
61417193	We bought our unit in November 2009 and it worked fairly well for 4 months and then it developed a problem.  We notified Danby and they referred us to a Warranty repairman.  Four Months later after repeated phone calls to the repairman and Danby we finally got a new part.  The repairman took a month to install the part and found that it still would not work.  After a couple of weeks Danby decided they would refund our money.  It is 2 months later and our check is in the mail (somewhere).I would not recommend this unit to anyone.  It does save water but it takes too long to wash the dishes.  What it saves in water it spends on electricity. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:51:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	a part needed replaced when it broke, but they didn't specify which one & they still thought it takes too long even when it was fixed	false
46039192	We took a chance on this dishwasher and decided to place it in our brand new custom home outfitted with GE Monogram and top of the line Bosch appliances.  After fifteen months of experience I am sorry to report that our decision was a mistake and that our expenditure of over 650 dollars was a waste.The bottom line is this:  the dishwasher does not clean well, no matter what the water condition, temperature, or the quality of detergent that you use.  The rack design is interesting but not intuitive, and it can sometimes be a challenge fitting dishes into the bottom rack.  Other than the flimsy and practically non-existent internal water heater, the top rack arm is the real weakness of this machine.  Our glasses consistently emerge from this dishwasher with a nasty film and food particles stuck on them.We decided to give the manufacturer a first and second chance and have had the machine serviced twice, both times under warranty.  Setting up the service was pretty straightforward, but nowhere near as easy as with Bosch.  We have learned our lesson; no more LG appliances in our home under any circumstances. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:55:56	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Water heater and top rack arm defective	false
24013328	I bought it in July, and it was great for a few months, but then it stopped completing cycles. The time display would freeze, sometimes it would stop completely, other times it would just keep going and going with the frozen time display. I'd turn it on at night, and it would still be running, with the time display stuck on one minute remaining when I woke up the next morning.  So, why a two- star review rather than a one- star? This dishwasher replaced a Kitchen-aid lemon that died after only three years. Bosch customer service is much, much better than Kitchen-aid. I've gotten a live person on the phone almost immediately every time I've called in. Service appointments were always within a couple of days of my phone call. The service guy called to let me know exactly when he'd be there and he showed up on time. He tried to fix it three times. Now that it's failed again, Bosch has said they'll replace it. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:55:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37826842	This is the WORST product I've ever purchased. Less than 13 months, 1) main motor died and had to be replaced, 2) lots of leakage under the door, seal on the door had to be replaced, 3) both upper tray brackets crumbled and had to be replaced, 4) a drier component had to be replaced because it was making very loud noise during the dry cycle. 5) Now there's an error code that causes the machine to not work for stretches of time. This is very poor workmanship quality. Samsung should be embarrassed to have their name on such a poor product. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:55:56	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59066798	I read all the reviews and decided as long as it didn't leak (like some had reported) it would work for me. I was nervous about my 11 inch plates not fitting but they do fit, tilt them to the side and it works fine. If you have big plates you can't fit as many in at once because of the tilting but that's ok with me. I got it because I was sick of washing baby bottles and along with a nipple holder that I purchased separately it cleans them pretty well. I have a family of 4 and itholds quite a bit, although sometimes I end up running it 2 times a day, once in the morning (from all the dinner dishes) and once in the afternoon (from all the dishes throughout the day). Most days I just run it once and hand wash a couple of pots that didn't all fit. Overall I am very pleased and I no longer have a sink full of dirty dishes.A few things I didn't like:I am a directions person and the directions on how to set it up are written/translated awful, luckily my husband just came in and connected everything without even looking at the directions so it may be pretty easy- just not for me because I prefer a detailed step by step. Bit I should say that any trouble I have had has been easily corrected with the troubleshooting section of the directions.I am really happy with my purchase and haven't noticed an increase in gas or water bill. If you have smaller plates you could probably cram this thing full and only run it when you need to, but even with larger dishes like mine I am perfectly pleased! 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:55:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	complaint was about installation manual	false
58943748	Perfect for 1 or (maybe) 2 people. I use mine about every 3rd day, but I use minimal dishes. I fit 3-4 plates, 2-3 bowls, 5-6 glasses, silverware, and 2-3 pots/pans and utensils per load. Haven't had to re-wash anything, even cheese, rice and dried salsa came off! I did take advice I saw and use liquid dishwasher detergent.One warning: expect it to take around 2 hours per load, and the dishes will be wet when they are finished. If you worry about spots, then dry them (bachelor here, not so worried).I was somewhat worried when I got it, as I have a water purifier on my sink, but the adapter fit right on the purifier (Pur type) no problem. 	meg13	10-22-2015 08:55:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53003925	controller went out twice in two years.  I was able to fix with warranty for the first incident but the second one costed me bunch.  DO NOT buy any Frigidaire products.  I think they produce nothing but junk. 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:04:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Controller went out multiple times and cost a lot to fix	false
44970422	We bought 4 appliances thinking they will match and look really nice.HUGE MISTAKELG Dishwasher is the BIGGEST piece of crap.  It's been services 5 times and LG will not replace it.  I have it completely rebuilt with pictures of the repair man and LOTS of boxes of new parts.  NOW, it's not working again.LG Microwave - didn't take the warranty but should have (thinking it's only $500, what could go wrong?)  The door stopped working and it would have cost over $200 to replace it.....  it's already in a dumpster and replacedLG Stove - two of the 5 knobs broke because they use a cheap plastic part to grip the metal piece to turn your gas on NOT under warranty either.LG Refridgerator - they replaced it after fighting with them over the service it needed - replaced two boards in the first 6 months.The new one the ICE maker freezes up constantly no matter who services it or adjusts itI WOULD NEVER RECOMEND LG TO ANYONE!!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:04:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	service and defect complaint	false
44803595	Does the job well - dishes a clean. Good value for the price. If it ran at 49 instead of 59 decibels it would be 5 stars 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:04:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48101968	I swapped this out for a dead Whirlpool dishwasher in just a couple of easy hours following the directions that came with it.  Since local appliance places wanted $139-$159 for install, it was worth doing myself.The first (really quiet!) load of dishes was clean except for a cup in the corner.  So far no problems! 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:04:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75908390	This usually cleans well and is so quiet you can't hear it when it's on.But I've experienced the following serious problems and design flaws that make this product unsatisfactory.1. One of the wash modes never finishes. It'll stop and say there's 1 minute left.2. Sometimes all of the water doesn't drain.3. It's very easy to accidentally start the washer. For instance if you lean on the countertop while you're doing something your body might depress the start button. This has happened to me about 20 times now.4. The door doesn't lock when the washer's on. If you open it while it's on you'll get squirted for a second before it stops.5. 3 and 4 above often occur together since you don't expect the washer to be on.6. Occasionally there will be some residual detergent will be left on the dishes.7. It doesn't always dry completely and there's no dry-only mode, so you're stuck with partially dry dishes. The electronic controls are a setback compared to the old mechanical knob style timers that allowed you to turn the knob back to dry (or rinse if you still see some detergent on your dishes). 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:04:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37621743	It does not clean well. It has a million in one error issues...when there is nothing wrong!!!! Oh ya did I say things don't get clean! I have to run it on heavy all the time in hopes it gets stuff clean. My cups have dried on gunk that I have to hand wash after they come out of the clean dishwasher. It is quiet though...awesomely quiet but other then that it is a piece of crap. We have had it three years and my poor husband has had to tear it apart a million times! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!!!!!!!! Oh ya and every one constantly bumps into it and turns it on and off...yes there is a child lock but it is really annoying to use every time!!!! Oh and it started going to poop right after the warranty was up...thanks Samsung! 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:08:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45967678	I have had nothing but trouble with this dishwasher!  I built my house in 2007  actually selected this dishwasher.  After about two years of regular service calls, GE replaced if.  The new dishwasher was just as bad as the first one.  Many service calls later, I have finally gotten rid of if.  DO NOT buy this dishwasher!  It's horrible! 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:08:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
6206548	These work as good as their larger counterparts; they take a little longer to get acclimated (i.e., stack and load) and the cycles are longer then 24#34; units.  Easy to hook up, dishes come out clean, very satisfied. 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:08:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
1688250	I own two Maytag dishwashers because they have a third rack for cookie sheets and pan lids and great little clips for baby bottle tops, lids, and such stuff, and a piece you can lower to hold down things that try to fly around.Another plus for us is the hidden wash controls that small children cannot learn to operate.I suspect that all models have similar profiles of performance, but take this as you will considering whether it will apply to the model you want. I have had Maytag dishwashers in black and almond. (And have owned GE and Kitchen Aid also.)As another reviewer has said the control panel goes belly up sooner or later-- in my experience, it's 3-5 years from purchase that one thing or the other is going to go.The cost to replace the control panel, which can have one function go out or the whole panel go completely nuts overnight, is a good chunk of what it costs to replace the unit.For the last 2-3 months, it was leaving grit on the dishes and inside the cups. Rewashing by hand, trying to diagnose the source of the grit . . . . . .Somewhere on the internet, there are all positive reviews of some model of Maytag dishwasher. I don't think these correlate with the best sources for reviews, and I would guess that some of those are canned or from people who are still on the honeymoon with the Maytag.Also have found their repair line to be no help.I replaced my dead Maytag with a Whirlpool, whose trays absolutely suck. The won't hold a dinner plate up right or a large salad bowl at all. Good grief. What a stupid design. It makes me appreciate the pluses of the Maytag sooooooooo much more.We retrofitted our new Whirlpool to take our lower tray from the Maytag and put some of those  dandy features from the Maytag trays (that would unclip) into the Whirlpool.Maybe now that Whirlpool and Maytag come from the same people (robots, etc.), they will make the perfect dishwasher. Not yet, though. Not yet. 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:08:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design and cleanliness complaints	false
53955543	My Family had the plastic tub version of this dishwasher in our rental and we loved it. Purchased the stainless steel tub version when we bought a home and we love it. Very Quiet, washes dishes well, and the unit has lots of room for multiple meals from a family of 4. BTW: I am an appliance repair man with 16 years experience and training from most major manufacturers.There are five things to help your dishwasher to operate at its peak performance...1. Run your hot water at the sink until it comes out steaming hot. All dishwashers do heat water but due to federal regulation the wattage of heaters in newer dishwashers is relatively low. Where older dishwashers may of heated water in a dishwasher within 30-40 minutes of starting, newer dishwashers heat water at approx 1 degree per minute and are trying to achieve a maximum of 145-156 degrees Fahrenheit. Most manufacturers state in the owner's manual a minimum incoming temperature of 120 degrees Fahrenheit from the house to be a standard.2. Use Finish All n 1 Powerball Tablets...do not use the dispenser for these, just throw them directly in the bottom of the tub. They are designed for this!3. Use Finish Glass Magic or in a pinch use Finish Booster Agent in your detergent dispenser. Yup, where the detergent used to go. Both the main-wash and pre-wash cups. The federal government passed a law banning phosphates from all detergents. Phosphates worked really well for helping cleaning and keeping the dishwasher free of hard water build up. If you don't use one of these boosters, your dishwasher will never work well for you especially in a hard water area.4. Use Rinse Aid. Preferably Jet Dry but just use one. Rinse Aid literally aids in the rinse and drying of the dishes. If you don't use it you may complain of spotted, cloudy dishes and you will have drying issues. Sorry to preach, its funny how many people fight me on this.5. Once a Month, clean your dishwasher using Finish Dishwasher Cleaner or in an absolute pinch use Tang. Yup, the drink mix, Tang! =) Vinegar, despite popular belief will not clean the dishwasher. The Dishwasher Cleaner contains an acid that will cut through the hard water build up as will Tang as it contains a high amount of Citric acid. 	meg13	10-22-2015 09:08:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68495290	I'm giving this product two stars rather than a one star because I'm cheering for it, but I'm really not happy with my purchase so far.  I plug it in and it seems like it's going to run, but then it just starts beeping and beeping.  No error, just beeping.  I have yet to have a successful wash.  I will call Danby on Monday, so I'll update this review when I find out more. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:32:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
84603861	I just installed the dishwasher and run the program. My dishes have never been so crispy clean and nice looking. I read the reviews before buying it and had doubts about being able to install it myself. Nonsense. I am a single woman and if I was able to make it work in 10 minutes, everyone will. The hardest part of all was lifting it up on the sink counter. The instruction mannual is inside of the dishwasher, very simple and easy to understand even by someone whose native language is far from English, French or Spanish. Overall, I am happy. How long is it going to work is a different question but when it comes to operating this thing - it is a piece of cake. And it is not noisy if it is properly leveled 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:32:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60559477	I didn't purchase this dishwasher on Amazon; I bought it elsewhere. Hopefully that doesn't discount my review at all.That said, we're really happy with our dishwasher. We did all of the research on Consumer Reports and read all of the consumer reviews from retail places like Amazon and Best Buy. The best thing to do is to just find one with the features you want and hope for the best. That's what we did and it worked out nicely. The consumer reviews are pretty polarizing: 1 star this thing is terrible and noisy! or 5 star awesome unit! Rarely do people actually go into good detail with it (except with KitchenAid's and their broken racks).That said, here's why we bought ours. It has a self cleaning food grinder. We plan on renting our place out rather than selling after we leave, so things like a food disposal are more tenant friendly. None of the Euro brands have a food disposal so keep that in mind when your friends brag about how quiet their unit is. It means that they have to clean a waste filter by hand. No thanks.This dishwasher also has nice features like steam clean, heated water, sanitizing confirmation, etc. Our water is already pretty hot so the only one we use on a regular basis is sanitize. I'd say it works really well, but honestly I have no idea if it's working. Steam clean works, but we rarely use it unless we're lazy (or tipsy) when doing the dishes. Overall it's quiet so that's a nice plus. The water pump in this unit is really good and that's honestly the loudest thing in the cycle. Not the pump itself, but the sound of the water dumping into your disposal or p-trap. Nothing GE can do about that though.The blower for the top rack is nice and gets all the glasses completely dry. The only exception is plastic cups. Nothing gets plastic cups dry.Overall, a nice dishwasher that we'd recommend. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:32:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67504446	Have had mine for about 2 years. Every 10 wash or so the dishwasher will not power up, I have to go trip the breaker for it and then it will start. I have also had several error codes, about one every 2-3 months. code 9E, oE and bE. This dish washer works ok when it is running and is very quiet, but that does not matter when you have issues with it every month. DO NOT BUY! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:32:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41635406	We are in the process of returning this dishwasher after less than three months.  We previously owned a Kenmore Elite (for 15 great years!!) The top rack does not wash well.  Our mugs were always dirty.  In addition, the dishwasher began making weird sounds.  We decided not to deal with all of the potential service calls and returned it for another (more expensive!) dishwasher.  Frigidaire is off of our list! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:32:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33267478	I purchased this for a family member, where doing dishes was a constant source of disagreement and agitation in the household (who likes washing dishes? Ok, me - but I'm the only one!).I have checked in with that family member and she says it is working beautifully, it's quiet, fits perfectly on the counter, and is used regularly. Who knew this dishwasher would not only break away dirt and grime#8230; but also be a #1 solution to arguments over chores! More than pleased! Thank you :) 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:38:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28598878	We bought this dishwasher online and got it three weeks later.  It never did work right, and after the fourth use, it broke.  Started to fill with water, then just beeped and shut off.  We called Haier (HA! what a joke) and went through all of the things to try to get it to work again. Then were told we would have to pay $14.99 if we wanted a new one and it would take over three weeks. No thank you.  I'd rather wash them by hand!Don't waste your money, time or sanity on this product. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:38:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Customer service complaint too	false
58972011	I had an old top of the line KitchenAid dishwasher that was 18 years old.  It worked great execept the top dish rack rusted out and I could not find the part to replace it.  My old KitchenAid was made in the good old USA and when I called KitchenAid to find the replacement part they told me 1) the part is no longer being manufactured and 2) hold on to this unit as long as I could because I will not be able to find the build quality like my old unit.  So I held on for another 2 years till the rack fell apart.When the rack finally gave way - I had to replace my old KitchenAid.  After weeks of research I decided to purchase the KitchenAid KUDS30ix based on my fist KitchenAid experience on build quality. I was sold on the KUDS30ix front panel display, the fact it had a built-in food disposal, and a number of other features like my old KitchenAid.  Since I upgraded my old oven and went stainless steel - I also went for that option as well- stainless steel.  Out of the box the unit looked very nice, however I could tell by the weight and components of my new KitchenAid it was not built as well as my old unit.  After installation and the first run of the unit the water would not drain - the only way to get the dishwasher to drain was to hit cancel/drain.  That did the trick for a week and now the unit will not even drain.  Also, 2 blue lights are stuck on - Hi-Temp Scrub and 3-Ho ur Delay.When the unit did clean my dishes it did not clean well.  It left a white residue from the dish-washing liquid.  I used a top name dish-washing detergent brand/pre-rinse and rinse-aid as suggested.  This was the same dishwashing detergent I have been using for years in my old KitchenAid and I never had a problem.. So the white residue I feel is not due to hard-water or dish washing products.One of the great reasons to buy from Sears is customer service - I have to rate them at the top of list.  I called Sears about my problem and the next day the Sears repair man came out as scheduled and after about 15 mins he informed me that the unit had so many problems he suggested I should ask for a replacement unit.  However, he could not write that down on the work order because he is told to replace and order new parts and fix if if at all possible - per  Sears standards  procedures.  However because of the soppy water sitting in the bottom of the unit it had stained the stainless steel and most likely would not come out. My old KitchenAid of over 18 years looked better inside then this new unit.  The Sears repairman felt I had a good reason to ask for a replacement (Ya think).  He also did tell me that I had 90 days to return the unit and ask for a full refund if it was not working up to par.I called back Sears customer service and they asked me to go back to the store where I purchased the unit Great Indoors (a division of Sears) and speak to a manager which I did to work out a resolution getting a new replacement unit. I was informed by the store manager that I would get a call from the installation/repair/delivery manager the following day.  The next day, I received a call from the manager and at first she wanted to repair the machine I said no way I wanted a new unit.  In the end she agreed to replace the unit, however I would have to pay for a re-installation because I did not use a Sears installer.  At this point I was so upset I just asked for my money back (under the 90 day return policy) and I asked them to pick up the unit.  She agreed and I'm still waiting for a pick up date. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:38:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39592736	Frigidaire Gallery : FGHD2433KW 24 Fully Integrated Dishwasher - WhiteI bought this dishwasher on April 10, 2010. It is pretty quiet most of the time. From time to time it makes grinding noises. It is to be seen for how long.The major problem is that it doesn't wash well. I have to rinse the dishes and still do not get good results. Nothing to compare to my 14 years old Maytag. Unfortunately, Maytag does not exist anymore. Whirlpool purchased just the name.Frigidaire advertises things like AquaSurge(tm) Technology. Just doesn't explain what that is and how it works. The dishwasher uses less water. Is this good if it doesn't do the job.I am very disappointed with the dishwasher and would not recommend it to anybody. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:38:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Noise and cleanliness complaint but cleanliness was bigger issue	false
60659885	I've owned this dishwasher for about a year and a half, and for the most part it has performed very well. However, recently it seems to like to stall in the middle of its cycles for no reason. The knob just stops turning while it's on, so it may keep running in place and won't progress beyond that point. We haven't had it serviced yet to find out what the resolution might be, but it's very frustrating to have to take your dirty dishes out of the dishwasher to clean in the sink because it won't do what it's supposed to do. And, the water in the dishwasher sits in there until I scoop it out. The filter has been cleaned, so that's not the culprit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:38:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Stalls during cycle which causes internal leaking	false
45539791	My husband and I were so excited to receive our dishwasher, but the one we got turned out to be defective. The machine had no power and we spoke with the manufacturer to make sure we hadn't missed anything simple. After speaking with an associate and trying to troubleshoot, she determined that it must be defective. Obviously we were very disappointed to receive a faulty machine, but I do appreciate the ease with which we made the return. The return shipping label was provided and we received our refund within 3 business days from date of shipment. I was thinking I would be refunded once they received the dishwasher back, but turns out the refund process began from the date I dropped it off at UPS.So, all in all, not a terrible experience. Good customer service. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:47:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41625374	This dishwasher looks great for the amount of money spent on it.  I thought I had a great dishwasher.  Fan needed replaced before one year was up.  Then about 4 months later it started making a horrible noise and leaked.  I thought I was thankful I purchased the extended warranty when the repairman came out to fix it.  Another 4 months later it is leaking again. I called the repair company to come out, the dishwasher would not leak while they were at my house.  Right after they left I did a load of dishes and it leaked even worse.  Then the spray arm at the top of the dishwasher fell off.  I called the repair company again and this time told them the dishwasher was still leaking and now the top spray arm fell off.  This looks good, but does not work!!!!  Don't bother buying an extended warranty either, it's just as good as the dishwasher!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:47:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
36472031	This repair saved me a service call and much aggravation. MAKE SURE YOU CLIP THE WIRES AS INSTRUCTED! If you don't switch the wires, you will blow this new fuse and have to order another (at your expense cause you didn't follow the directions - ask my hubby how we knows this, lol). The instructions are clear and the repair took under 10 minutes. You don't know how much you miss your dishwasher until this inexpensive part goes. Don't miss more money than you need to by ordering this and doing the repair yourself. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:47:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	urged everyone to follow installation instructions	false
57315977	The spindle that the wash arm connects to is mounted off axis. Consequently, one side of the wash arm was about an inch higher than the other side and got stuck on the dish rack. I ran the unit once without the dish rack with no change. There is no work around for this, so I returned it to Amazon as defective. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:47:55	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
64070312	Most horrible experience ever with an appliance. Three service calls due to no heated water in cycle so dishes never got clean. Awful spray arm design as they clog up very easily. No one could find the problem. Bosch told us we didn't know how to load a dishwasher and refused to replace it. We are trashing it after two years of struggling and are researching others. We were so happy to have bought a Bosch after all the hype but wasted our money plus received very rude customer service. So disappointing. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:47:55	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40789015	The washer was easy to hook up and works great.  I have even been able to larger items in the washer.  I have an older apt. so it doesn't fit under the cabinets so my only complaint is I can't put it right where I wanted it. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:50:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	doesn't fit in kitchen well	false
61171902	We got this dishwasher specifically because we wanted one that was super quiet.  It's definitely quiet -- we run it after dinner and can't hear it 10 feet away in the living room.  But...we've had problems with it from the start.  The detergent dispenser didn't open at first and then we found that this is a common problem.  Kitchenaid dispatched someone to replace the component within a week of purchase.  So that was good.  But then we would run it and the detergent would be all clumped in the dispenser at the end of the cycle.  This happened every single time.  Then I finally figured out that the dispenser door can't open if you put anything of any height (like a full size plate, skillet, or cutting board).  Total design flaw, if you asked me.  Now that we make sure we put don't block the dispenser, the dishes come out clean.  With the 3 racks, it makes it hard to get in all the big stuff, and now I basically end up washing all the large skillets where in our previous dishwasher these would have fit in no problem.  Had I known all this, I might have chosen differently.Beth 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:50:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design flaw with soap dispenser	false
36541647	When my GE Profile dishwasher that came with my house broke, I was *almost* happy because it meant that I could choose something much better.  And compared to the GE, this Bosch deserves ten stars.  It is so quiet that the only time I realize that it's running is when I'm close enough to hear the ticks and when it drains into my sink pipes.  At 46db, this machine is QUIET.  It has a stainless steel tub throughout, unlike the Ascenta line that uses a plastic bottom.  The top rack is adjustable; it has three positions, although you have to remove the rack and put it on the desired track -- not as easy to do as the top-of-the-line Kenmore Elite.The dishes come out incredibly clean.  There's no comparison to the GE.  Although Bosch dishwashers do not have a heated dry cycle, you can use the sanitize cycle for extra hot rinsing that basically accomplishes the same thing.  My dishes are just as dry as they were with the GE heated dry cycle.  The filter is easy to locate and remove/clean in the bottom of the dishwasher.  You should also know that newer Boschs require electrical work to install; this seems to be about to be discontinued because our installer did not have to change anything.  Either that, or our house is new enough.  Also, Bosch says that you MUST use a rinse agent even if your detergent capsule has it.  I suspect this is because of the non-heated drying that would otherwise cause spots.  If the machine detects that an empty rinse aid receptacle, then it automatically adds 30 minutes to the cycle.  (See below for details about cycle length.)Consumer Reports lists Bosch as the most reliable brand of dishwasher, with the fewest repairs, and that's the main reason I bought this.  But it helps that family and friends kept saying, Get a Bosch.  Any Bosch.  And of course, the quiet operation allows me to run it while we are watching TV or listening to music.There are a couple of things I don't like about it, though.  The cycle is waaaay too long.  At 2 hours and 30 minutes long (2 hr 8 min without the sanitation cycle), there seems to be no way to shorten it, even by following the manual's advice to run hot water through the sink first.  Really?  Apparently, there's another, more expensive model that has a speed cycle -- that would be worth it.  I also can't seem to get as many dishes loaded into this as I could in my GE.  I'm running it more often.  That's due primarily to the top rack which seems geared toward smaller glassware than we have.  Our big mugs and large-mouthed glasses can be placed in only some of the areas.No matter the drawbacks, however, my dishes come up spotless after a near-silent two hours.-- Debbie Lee Wesselmann 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:50:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	No defect but complains of long cycle time and not fitting dishes well	false
21131646	The seller (NY appliance shop) was not particularly responsive when the item arrived with a dent on the side.  But instead of mailing it back (too big!) as they suggested and waiting another few weeks for another dishwasher, I decided to install it anyway, hoping it would work.  It did.  It is a perfect size for a couple like us.  We run it usually once per day.  We use Cascade Complete, as suggested.  In LA, we have hard water and mineral deposits.  Most of the time, there is not a problem, but if we need to, we just add Lemi Shine to the wash.  It's been over 6 monthes.  Great product, very happy. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:50:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33711705	When our previous Maytag dishwasher died after seven years, we replaced it with this one. However, we are very disappointed by the new inside design of the dishwasher. These are all changes from the model before:- The top shelf does not have space to accommodate taller glasses anymore.- The top shelf no longer has mini flip down shelves we used to use for longer cutlery...- The bottom spray arm is extended down at the back, blocking an area where dishes used to fit.- The soap dispenser is blocked if you put certain dishes (cutting board...) at the front left of the bottom shelf.The last Maytag had a way better inside design. We didn't inspect this one closely because it looked comparable at first glance. After using it for several weeks, we are extremely disappointed that it doesn't fit as many dishes and has to be loaded very carefully and in ways that waste a lot of space (tall glasses on bottom shelf...).I believe other dishwashers also offer a better warranty. If I had a second chance at this purchase, I'm not sure I would have bought this. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:50:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design complaints	false
37173220	I love this dishwasher. It is quiet. You just hear the washer swishing. As long as I turn on the sanitizer, the dishes come out dry. The interior is smaller than other dishwashers, but I was aware of that and it didn't come as a surprise. We've had it for a month and it runs everyday. My husband installed it with no problem and no previous plumbing experience. It just took him some time. I spent about six months researching dishwashers. I was looking for a machine that was no louder than 50 decibels and a good value. This is the one I found. I am very sensitive to sound and at first I wished I had spent an extra $200 to $300 to get a 47 decibel machine, but now my ears don't even hear the water swishing.This was a purchase from Sears, not Amazon. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:51:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48868865	I have never owned such a HORRIBLE dishwasher in my entire life! My last dishwasher was an Asko that we absolutely adored!!! To this day, I am so sorry we did not buy another Asko. I convinced so many friends over the 15 years we owned the Asko to buy one. When it finally came time to buy a new dishwasher, a repairman had mentioned that Asko's customer service was not what it used to be. I had researched Consumer's and this Bosch was highly rated. I will never use them again for an opinion! This dishwasher has no drying element and several items stay wet... get your dishtowel ready! I have to inspect everything before I put it away because there have been countless times that it has not cleaned all items properly and without inspecting it put the dishes away. It is embarrassing to put dishes out that have dried food on it, only to realize it when your guest is ready to eat. Hence, we now call it a 'dishwetter' instead of a dishwasher because it only wets the dishes. Bosch's solution is to put more JetDry, I am going to overdose on JetDry. I tried returning it (did not buy it from Amazon) and they would not take it back. It is very small inside. I could just cry. It is the first time that I have ever wished a major appliance would break and not be able to be fixed...! Save yourself time and aggravation, don't buy it. EVER 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:51:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that caused these complaints	false
36610279	I had this machine for 5 years. I am rarely home and use it at the most once a week. It broke several times. Other companies give similar appliances several years warranties, but Fisher and Paykel only one. Customer service is unfriendly. If you need a repair you need to get a report from a third party first.Overall unreliable product and terrible customer service.I would have given Zero stars if I could 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:51:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
29129473	i was recommended to this brand by many people and found out never to listen to the experts.  they persuaded me to get away from the general electric brand and go with lg.  this dishwasher has to be the worst cleaning machine i ever had.  thank god, i didn't buy the more expensive model. have called for service so many times, i was going to put the guy in my guest bedroom.  and no sort of compensation for a bad product...........no refund......no return......no free product exchange for delivering a piece of metal junk.and they said it was quiet as a mouse.  that's about the only feature i didn't understand.  my other dishwashers made so much noise and made the counter shake, i could make scrambled eggs at 11pm at night.  but......and i say but........the glasses, dishes, pots, pans, silverware came out spotless..........ultra clean.  the dishes from this machine have come out so filthy, i am afraid i am going to get Botulism. for real..............don't buy an lg dishwasher.  i am ready to give it to the salvation army and get my original choice. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:51:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
52267506	I had a bosch dishwasher for 9 years and when the control panel broke i decided to get a new one rather than have it repaired -- Big mistake--i bought a comparable one and it stinks--it is small and loud--my past bosch made no noise--i hate this one.  inferior product --had bosch repairman look at it--told me thats what you get when you buy that bosch. Wish the guy at lowes had told me that I would have saved my money. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 12:51:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing these complaints	false
47596702	I love my dishwasher.  It is so quiet! I love the extra space at the bottom where I can put cookie sheets and cutting boards.  My old dishwasher couldn't do that.  The silverware baskets are roomy.  The dishwasher looks nice and is easy for my kids to operate.  I've never had an issue with drying or the cleanliness of the dishes.  My family comments how this dishwasher is so much better than our 12 year old Whirlpool.  I read all of the reviews before purchasing this and was a little fearful due to all of the low ratings.  I made sure that I could return it if I was unhappy and they said absolutely so I took a chance and am happy.  I did call Samsung about a question and they answered the call promptly.  I had a small problem on the toe kick and they are sending out a replacement without any issues.  If you register online you can get an extra 3 months on your warranty so make sure to do that. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:53:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
67653248	I received the item on time and in perfect condition. The dishwasher works great! It cleans all my dishes and runs so well. The only downside is if I have bigger items I want to wash, I might only be able to fit one or two things in the dishwasher, but for regular size plates, pots, and pans, it does a wonderful job. I would definitely recommend buying this item if you are looking to save time by not hand-washing dishes anymore. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:53:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	difficult to fit dishes	false
77459763	Love my new Bosch dishwasher! It is so quiet that I can barely tell it is running! At last I can watch tv, talk on the phone or just relax without dishwasher noise from my adjacent kitchen. It looks super sleek with controls hidden at the top and an unobtrusive red dot glows on the floor to let you know it is in wash cycle. Dishes come out sparkling clean without using too much energy. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:53:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
8178364	it is a good little dishwasher.my girlfreind loves it!now all my freinds want to buy it from me,and i told them no way.just go to amazon.com and get one of your owen. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:53:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85091287	Bought this model about 8 months ago because the upper shelf was easily adjustable (up and down)and looked very durable; the spikes (whatever you want to call the things that hold dishes upright) could be folded down (a great feature!); and because we didn't want a handle that stuck out from the front of the machine (it faces a kitchen island and we didn't want the passage way between the two any narrower).  And in those regards the machine has been acceptable and we really like how all our oversized dishes, platters, bowls, glassware fit so nicely.The reason for the two-star rating:  The repair man is coming out to replace the innards for the touch button controls next week.  We use the machine maybe 3 times a week--at the most, and the machine needs repair after less than 8 months of use. That's only about 100 runs through a normal cycle.  Customer service got to my call in less than ten minutes (on a Monday morning, which isn't too bad).But, you know what's horrible about this scenario?  I've been conditioned enough to not complain about waiting for customer service to answer my call.....It was suggested that we consider purchasing the extended warranty; told that the touch buttons were very touchy, and the repair person can't make it out until seven working-days after I called about the problem.  If you need help on a weekend, KitchenAide sends you to a site that tries to con you into paying $30 for advice.  Disgusting!Besides the above, you should be aware that:  Not only do the touch buttoms malfunction, they are also sensitive enough that you can start up the draining function just by leaning against the counter to reach into the cabinet above it.  Just yesterday I watched my tiny 6 pound cat jump down from the counter and turn the machine on.  So now, with the heated dry and the start/resume buttons not working right, I have safety concerns.Also be aware that you really and truly have to be able to get your water up to 120 degrees for this dishwasher to work properly. It is recommended that you use Finish dishwashing soap for proper cleaning.  (The Finish brand actually does a fine job of cleaning.)Good luck with your purchase decision!  Personally, I don't know where to go from here.... 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:53:54	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	worried that the extremely hot water is dangerous	false
57058916	This is the first Amana appliance I have owned, but it won't be my last. I got this dishwasher to replace a fifteen year-old model of another brand. Even though the old one got the job done, it required a lengthy process of scraping, rinsing, and sometimes scrubbing to make sure the dishes came out clean. That is not necessary with this one, especially the scrubbing part. My dishes come out clean every time, and after multiple uses, I have not had to re-run one dish because of debris.I really like having the tall model basket. I can stack my biggest colander and even my gallon pitcher into the bottom rack. It fits into the same space under the counter as my old standard height model. This one has no metal kickplate at the bottom, but the door goes all the way down.The construction feels quality made and substantial. The door latch has a solid click to it.I also appreciate the fact that the buttons are labeled large enough to read easily.This model is much quieter than my old dishwasher. In fact, I found myself double checking at first whether I had actually forgotten to start it. Our utility bill was much lower this month too, and after running an average of a load a day, I have to believe the cost efficiency of this dishwasher contributes to the savings.I was hesitant about getting an appliance I had ordered online delivered, but the folks at the delivery service could not have been nicer. They called to arrange a convenient day, gave me a five hour window for delivery time, called to confirm the day before, and also called about thirty minutes before arriving that they were on their way. They installed it quickly, tested everything out, and demonstrated the settings. I would feel comfortable with ordering by this process again. Best price I have seen for such a well built appliance. Five stars for sure. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:58:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49158221	Before signing off the delivery gentlemen, I un-boxed and inspected the machine, but failed to note that the detergent dispenser did not have an intact lid. I found one the floor of the dishwasher, a plastic lid that was never meant to fit this machine. And I have been completely unable to find a replacement part on-line.The machine is unusable. Parts for the model are no longer available. Why did someone at the seller's throw in a lid that was unattached? Because he/she knew it wouldn't fit? 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:58:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Missing parts and no replacements available	false
36836461	I had a portable floor model dishwasher and it was just too large for me as it would take forever to load it properly at least 7 to 8 days to get an economical load of dishes to do, so have given that one to my daughter and I started researching countertop dishwasher.This is just right for me.  I am amazed at how much one can load in the dishwasher, and even more amazed at what a fine job it does on cleaning the dishes. I am very pleased with this appliance.It is heavy, and I would advise that one has a stong person to lift it out of the packaging and on to the counter.  Very little setup required.  Screw the adapter onto the fauces, screw in the intake and exhaust hose and you are ready to go.It has an indicator to see and a warning light when the 'finnish' resevoir gets down to 1/4 full.  The large one did not.  It is very economical with the amount of water it uses and yet the dishes, glasses, silverware, and some pots come out sparkling clean!  It is EXTREMELY quiet and I can barely hear it standing in the kitchen, yet alone anywhere else.  It does not have a drying cycle on it, which for me is fine as I never used it on the larger dishwasher and just opened the door a ways and let them air dry.Its size is great for a kitchen with not a lot of space or an apartment kitchen.  I cannot rave enough about this appliance.  I am very happy with it. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:58:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70231042	Without redoing my entire kitchen, this was my only option if I wanted a dishwasher.Pros - works well, more solid than I was led to believe from previous reviewers, once you figure out the non-existent instructions it is easy to operate, takes up only a small space on the countertop and can still place things on top of it. Cleans efficiently and well and have not had a problem in the few months I have had it operating it every other day or so.  It does not appear to use up much electricity.  I note I don't pay for my hot water so I cannot speak to that.Cons - Instructions are difficult as they do not all apply to this model.  I searched amazon for other instructions which I was able to apply to this item.  It did come with the sink adapter and most of the connections already hooked up.The dividers for the dishes are poorly laid out for today's dishware and glassware and certain large plastic ware containers.The utensil tray is cramped making it diffucult to place items with large handles in.Hooking it up to the sink and unhooking it is a small inconvenience.11-3-2009 - Still using this thing.  Still works well.  All the seals in tact. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:58:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	Design and installation	false
81329544	Our 15 year old Maytag cleaned better than this one.  Less than a year after purchase we had to buy a new control panel. 	meg13	10-22-2015 12:58:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Control panel	false
68987457	I have been researching dishwashers forever and I can not really find any review that was great. I noticed Kitchen Aid and got a good price from HOME TV and Appliance in AZ. First off the dishwasher is very quiet. I was looking to updgrade to stainlees steel. Our old dishwasher was a GE Profile in WHITE kind of a pain to keep clean and it really did not clean the dishes well at all. My mom had the same model and hers worked very well. We had ours serviced 3 times had the control board replaced and it still did not work well. So I decided to fianlly go to stainless steel appliances. The first thing that stands out about the kitchenaid is how clean and simple it looks. Nowhere for dirt to get in on the front, the controls are all on the top of the door. There is one LED light in the upper right corner. This light is BLUE when wasing/rinsing RED when drying and GREEN when complete. The dishwaher also has a built disposal, an adjustable top rack, and 4 arm spayers at the bottom instead  of just two on the profile.I have posted pictures. I will update this in a couple of months. The first couple of washes have been incredible. I use the Cascade premium packs and the cascade rinse. I figure if you are going to buy a premium dish washer an extra dollar for detergent is not that much. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:08:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48789497	Here is the solution to the beeping. Make sure you disconnect the dishwasher power (Whirlpool model GU3100XTVQ) at the breaker before attempting any of this. Read the whole thing,  if you are not confident enough to try this fix, get a friend to help. I am posting this to hopefully relieve someone else of the very annoying beeping that was driving me and my dog nuts, since it makes the same noise as the invisible fence that he doesn't like.Position a stool beside the dishwasher, or something equal in height to use as a work surface. Make sure the electrical breaker is off. Open the dishwasher door and remove the six screws that are directly behind the control panel. Don't let the screws fall inside the dishwasher. Carefully set the screws aside as you will be coming across two different sizes.The control panel of the dishwasher should then be lifted out of position from the face of the door, then while holding the panel close the door a little and rest the control panel on the stool. Remove the two screws from the black shield that is covering the circuit board, in one corner of the circuit board you will see a small black cylinder with a hole in the center of it. That is the buzzer that makes the incessant beep.Take a small pliers and very gently take hold of the black cylinder, you are now holding the cap of the buzzer. Gently wiggle  pull the cap until it comes off the base. Take a pencil and push out the gold foil piece that is inside the cap. Gently reposition the cylinder cap to where it was on the circuit board; ensure that it clicks into place. Again, be gentle since you don't want to crack the circuit board.Replace the black outer shield and the two screws. Seat the control panel back into position on the door and replace the screws. Close and open the door to see that it latches properly, check for spare screws lying around (you should have none).Turn on the breaker, press a button on the dishwasher and enjoy the silence. It took me about 15 minutes to do this. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:08:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	Available tags are not suitable, this is providing a solution to a common complaint	false
84896550	Purchased this dishwasher and installed it myself.  It ran once then shut down.  Called Bosch and they were mainly interested in informing me that I would have to pay if the problem was from the installation.  Much to their disappointment, it was not.  Service tech came out and said it was clogged with suds.  We had used the FINISH detergent tablet that came with the dishwasher. The rep got it running and the next time we used it, the same thing happened.  Rep returned and this time he found the real problem. There was an internal drain hose leaking, not installed correctly by Bosch.  Rep said it would take 3-4 days to get the part, but that turned into 2 weeks.  Called Bosch because it was taking so long and their Customer Care rep said there was nothing they could do, the repair shop would have to check with their distributor. Spoke to Customer Care rep supervisor a couple days later and they said I should have asked to speak to a supervisor the last time I called and they could have interceded in getting the part.  Now why should I have to have asked for a supervisor?  Bosch's Customer Care center doesn't CARE. In the meantime the part came in and was installed and the unit works fine now. However, we were without a working dishwasher for a month without so much as an apology from Bosch.  The dishwasher does work well and is quiet and nice looking.  On the down side, it's capacity is smaller than other brands and leaves water on the bottom of inverted cups. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:08:21	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81123618	The. On trolls on the outside are almost impossible to see AND if anyone leans against the counter they turn it onWhen will people learn to design controls that can be read by someone taller than 3', and large enough to read! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:08:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	more information about the specific component defects that are causing these complaints	false
86377447	I have the dishwasher running right now and just wanted to take a moment to write a little ode to my trusty Danby dishwasher, who has changed my life in so many ways through the years.  You see, when I first moved into my apartment and discovered that there was no dishwasher I almost decided not to sign the lease.  My helpful landlady suggested I search for a countertop option (which I never even knew existed), I did my research, and this is what I bought.  Thank goodness because I love my place and I despise doing dishes by hand.  If it hadn't been for this trusty, mighty little dishwasher I never would've scored this amazing rent-controlled little jewel.Now, I bought this 5 years ago, so it was about half the price -- and I still think it's crazy cheap given how phenomenal it is.  At the time, reviewers cautioned that it would likely only last about 2 years, maximum.  Considering the price and my aversion to washing dishes by hand, there was no way I could resist.  I almost feel like I'm jinxing myself.. but it still works as well as it did on day 1 and I've never had to repair anything.  I cook every night and run my little dishwasher almost everyday.Easily the best thing I've ever bought.  Ever.UPDATESo of course, 1 year later my beloved dishwasher began to leak.  My first instinct was to freak out, naturally.  After I gathered myself together I poked around on the unit and realized that the decorative window was coming loose.  After doing some research I went to my local hardware store and purchased silicon glue for about $3.  And then I glued every single component of that window, placed a heavy planter on the open door, and let it dry for a day and a half.  And I am delighted to report... HOORAY!  It's up and running at 100%.  Phew.(Someone gently suggested that I might actually want to, you know, wash my dishes by hand.  To which I replied, puhleaze.)But, even if my very favorite purchase of all time had in fact died on me (which it DID NOT, 6 years later) I wouldn't have hesitated to buy a new one. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:08:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
24010806	The edgestar countertop dishwasher is a very good dishwasher. It is short enough to fit under my cabinet doors, and just the perfect size to fit between my sink and oven. You will definitely want to measure hieght, width, and length of your countertop next to your sink before purchase, since if it  is even a little too large, it obvious won't fit and makes it's relative usefulness 0.The product in question cleans my dishes well. Some dishes have to be placed in the dishwasher at an angle. You can fit most pots and pans in there, as long as you are willing to dedicate a wash to just one or two pots or pans. The only thing I haven't been able to fit are cookie sheets.On a daily basis, I usually must preform 2-3 washes between me an my fiancee to keep the dish sink empty. The item is relatively light weight, and with the exception of it's size, I had no problem lifting it up to the counter.If you are restricted to a small apartment without a dishwasher, this is a great idea in order to keep your dishes clean.The product recommends attaching a permanent water line, which kind of defeats the purpose of a portable dishwasher. However, the sink attachment works great. Both hoses are attached together, so you don't have to worry about one flying out of the sink. It easily detaches and reattaches, no leakage as long as you make it secure. It also has a release button to release pressure safely before you remove the attachment.The dishwasher consists of three cycles. Normal/short/ and rinse. When you start Normal cycle with the eggtimer style clock it will continue on through short cycle. After short cycle is done, it stops. You will need th start rinse cycle manually, but since this cycle is only a convenience, not a necessity, it's up to you whether to use it. There are two other buttons, the power button (self explanatory) and the saniwash dry button. The sani button superheats the water in order to be sanitary. It also seems to help with the after drying, seeming to be kind of a steam dry. It is very useful if you accidentally let some bacteria start growing on something you washed to be extra sanitary. I would not recommend using all the time however, since the hotter temp it uses probably puts more wear and tear on the dishwasher, although thats just a theory, nothing confirmed.Anyway, great device for people who hate doing dishes and want a slightly easier time. It's noisy, but not much more than any standard dishwasher. Make sure it fits and you shouldn't have any difficulty with it.Update:About two months after getting it, the attachment to the sink broke. I called them back, they asked for my tracking number, which I had to obtain from the seller. After that, they sent me the attachment free no questions asked, arrive in 5 days, not a bad deal...UPDATE 2:I no longer have this dishwasher. The attachment I spoke of breaking I ended up having to replace 3 more times before I finally used my own hose attachments and rigged my own attachment that was metal and held up better. Shortly after, the dishwasher started leaking through the glass door. This was roughly two years after getting it. At that point, I had to put it to rest, as I was unable to repair it. It does seem to be the best dishwasher out there for that size, but I have found it riddled with  problems and there always seemed to be something with it breaking. It's great if you don't have a choice, but for $100 more, most cheap full size dishwashers could outperform this one any-day. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:21:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
44255649	The kids  I have wanted something like this for a year and we finally got it.  We got a longer warranty on it as well.  The kids  I have busy, active lives.  It's much easier to have this little machine do the heavier lifting with respect to meals.  I got tired of dishes, hated doing them.  Had the kids doing them too, they got sick of it.  Highly recommended, be sure to maintain it properly so it will work for a long time. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:21:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65289951	It came on time, it was easy to set up -- literally nowork required just hook the hoses where they go --and best of all, it works exactly how it says it will!Great time saver (I hate doing dishes) and it getseverything clean. I'd recommend this to anyonewho needs a small dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:21:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16167250	I don't give 5 stars unless it came with $1,000 in cash inside but this gets 4 stars. Our office is all guys. We got tired of doing dishes. Had it for a few months so not long but it is: quiet (fairly), sleek, easy to use, easy to set up, etc. The faucet attachment I was able to hand tighten on and it has never leaked. The hose attachment is sturdy and doesn't leak either just make sure it is pressed up onto the faucet adapter well.Several modes, quick, somewhat quick, long, extra long. I found you need to use a decent detergent to get coffee stains off inside of cups. We use it 90% to just do coffee mugs. the 1:20m setting works well with a packet liquid/grain detergent. We will run it once a week when we have no training classes. When we have classes with 8-10 more people using mugs we will run it each AM. We make sure to have 20 mugs on hand in case we don't get to it.Sits well on counter, hoses are sturdy, and can be shaken off for excess water then curled behind unit. We have the unit on the counter near the sink. Works fine. The hose attaches, and if you want to use the faucet while it is running, just either disconnect/reconnect it quickly in between fills, or hold the temporary pressure release down and use it that way to fill up the coffee machine, etc.Over all it has served us well and is not a beast to look at. Pleased with the purchase. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:21:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
91346854	This dishwasher has worked great and fits a lot better on our counter then our past dishwasher.After reading some of the negative reviews, I was worried that our 10 1/4 inch plates weren't going to fit well. They fit great and I'm able to easily place 6 larges plates along with 6 cups and 6 bowls. The interior lay out of this dishwasher is so much better then the other one we had and it even holds more dishes.I love this dishwasher!!! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 13:21:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49968606	We got this dishwasher when we were renovating the gutted house we bought. I was doing so many things (floors/cabinets/walls/electrical/construction) that I just went into Best Buy and randomly picked appliances. The first year the dishwasher started leaking from the lower right onto the floor. The Frigidaire warranty was still in effect so I called them and they came out and replaced the  side splash guards, the bottom splash guard and the door gasket. The side and door splash guards were visibly ripped. The leaking stopped.2 years later the same leak appeared. So called the home warranty company and they came out and did the same thing, replacing those parts and the leak stopped again. So if you own one of these and are getting leaks out of the front, check the gasket that runs around the tub and seals to the door. Costs $8 to replace and its easy to push in and replace yourself. My 7 year old could replace it, its that easy.The dishwasher was also very quiet when we first got it, couldn't even tell it was running. Well 2.5 years later and its louder. I asked the repairman about this and he said over time the quiet motors just get louder and louder.Avoid this dishwasher, unless it is like on sale for like $20 then the $8-20 of parts you need to buy every year shouldn't matter too much. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:02:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74357614	We got this dishwasher (brand new) already installed in our kitchen when we closed our new home. It would not wash/clean as good as our older previous dishwashers. It would also not make water as hot. After a year, while still under warranty, it stopped working. They provided free service (don't remember what was wrong). A year later we were getting close to the end of extended warranty, so asked them for another service. The guy said these machines do not make hot water like other machines because they are made to conserve energy! He instructed us to hook it to hot water tab and make sure we empty the cold water first to lead hot water into the machine! He also said these machines need specific (high efficiency or something) detergent to wash like other machines!! Also, he said if you'd like it to wash like other machines, you have to put it on the highest/longest degree of washing schedule!!!We did it like he said then, it would wash rather okay. A year later, one day it just decided to not run at all. Since then we've been doing dishes with hand, looking for money to buy a new one. This machine is not worth spending to service it again. I will NOT buy another GE washer. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:02:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65451255	Purchased two years ago for our new home, does a great job cleaning dishes.  Cleans pots  pans great very happy with performance.  The reason for the one star is reliability of this dishwasher.  Since installation has broken four times, had to get serviced by technician.  Electronic error code b3 on display and halts operation, technician said that is main circuit board failure....$140 dollars later 4X is too much, we be replacing this for another brand.... 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:02:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28321778	After nearly forty years of using a built-in dishwasher, I moved into a beach house with a tiny kitchen and no dishwasher, and this was my resolution.  The Danby has performed well, washing my dishes competently and quietly; I downgraded it one star for a curious rack arrangement that I may someday love and a control system ambiguity that shouldn't be there.The grids in the lower rack are loose by design, allowing flexibility in loading.  I'm always jostling them around as I load, and sometimes I knock one of them out of the brackets that hold it upright.  I have to manually wrestle it back into place, and that nuisance cost them half a star.The other half star came from the cycle status light.  When I push the pause button, the cycle status light toggles between steady and flashing, supposedly to tell me whether the device is running or paused.  The instructions don't say which is which.  Things were okay once I figured out that flashing meant running, but it took me a while to get the first cycle started.I had some problems with amazon's delivery to my remote location, and I'm having even more problems getting used to a portable dishwasher, but the Danby shouldn't be penalized for either of those. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:02:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
10314258	It is quiet, but the upper rack adjusters will fail within a year (Part #: W10350376).  The plastic parts were apparently not properly designed to withstand repeated use or heat or both.  I will never buy KitchenAid brand (i.e., Whirlpool) again. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:02:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58968468	We've had a couple of Bosch dishwashers with no issues, so we purchased this machine during a recent kitchen remodel. It was installed in Nov 2010. Last week it stopped working - no power. Rather than wait for a repair person, I did some basic diagnostics and discovered that the power connector located at the hottom right behind the kickplate had completely melted, leaving a live wire loose in the metal junction box. The connector from Tyco was easy to source and I was able to quickly replace it - saving losing a days work waiting for someone from Bosch.As I was surprised about the issue, I did some research on the Internet and discovered that a large number of people had reported the same problem - Bosch have apparently told them it's an installation issue. I find this hard to believe as it's pretty simple to connect 3 wires! Bosch have an ongoing recall for earlier dishwashers (an unrelated issue). If you search for Bosch recall and look for comments you'll find people talking about this problem on their later generation machines.While the dishwasher works well, IT CANNOT BE RECOMMENDED until Bosch replace the connector with a more durable item. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:08:41	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
43859013	I was expecting it to wash a bit better based on brand and design. It seems to fall a little short in that area, and find ourselves running some of the dishes through the machine for an additional cycle. Somewhat quiet, but overall just an ok buy rating. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:08:41	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
13965388	I did have to purchase a new faucet because even with the adapter and following directions, the nozzle didn't fit. I didn't mind, we needed a new one anyway =o)I'm impressed with the job this compact machine does but I can only use it on the longest cycle. If I use any other there is residual food on all dishes.For us it is perfect. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:08:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33987949	This item is being reviewed to test if only people who have purchased an item can post a review. I'm contemplating getting this dishwasher which is rated 75/100 by Consumer Reports. It is also rated 4.6 out of 5 stars in Best Buy. However, all reviews in Amazon sound as though they have been rigged. There are people posting so much negative (1 star) comment that it is hard to know for sure if they are genuine. No wonder other than Bosch, there are no other company that get any good reviews. I'm posting this review because I'm interested in this model, but I'm somewhat alarmed by the negative comment, which don't jive with reviews on other websites.. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:08:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	Available tags are unsuitable, user is asking for advice based on seen reviews	false
64318813	I purchased this model at the end of March, 2010 and the motor was already replaced by June 15th, 2010 due to a loud squeaking/whistling noise during cycling.  My dog would even tilt his head because the whistle was so loud.  The repairman told me that the motors on this model has been giving people trouble with noises so he replaced the motor.  He told me he as replaced a lot of motors for this model.  Here it is now July 14th and last night I ran the dishwasher with a full load and now the motor is making a horrific grinding noise to the point where I have to stop the 90 minute cycle because I cannot stand the noise.  I do NOT recommend this model at all.  Piece of Crap! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:08:41	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
17931557	I was hesitant to buy this dishwasher, as I heard bad things about the effectiveness of the top rack. I've had it a week now and it's excellent. I tested it with spatulae slathered with peanut butter; squeaky clean when done. It's ridiculously quiet. The cycles are long; you're looking at an easy 150 minutes. Still uses less water than running the faucet for two minutes. I've installed a couple hundred dishwashers (part of my job) but this kind is a bit of a pain. You need to wire a terminal block which has a fixed male line. Also, there is a lot to the back end of this machine, unlike most midrange dws. In other words, it is 24#34; wide top to bottom all the way back. Integral supply line and drain lines are a bit of a bonus though, as is the worm operated front-back leveling foot.In short: excellent operation, not for amateur installation. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:21:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
1659581	We got ours scratch and dent for $495 2 years ago. Based on that price, it's as good as I would expect and I feel was a good deal. However, for those of you less fortunate, looking to pay over $700, I'd say spend a more and go Bosch. We had a Bosch at our old house and it was phenomenal. Now we have to nearly clean the dishes before loading the thing.The silverware baskets started breaking about one year after we got it and now has multiple holes where silverware will slide right through. The soap door occasionally fails and won't open. It takes a long time to run a cycle.It will not do pans, deep dishes, mugs. Pretty much your bread and butter cups, bowls and plates are all it can handle. The cleaning power reminds me of dishwashers in the 80s, when you really couldn't allow a scrap of food in the thing or it would just splatter it around.Overall, Samsung smeared their own name with this one. Disappointing!UPDATE 1/20/2014:  running about the same. Basically buying our time to get a new dishwasher. Cleans most stuff acceptably if you you thoroughly pre-rinse everything, essentially defeating the whole purpose of having a dishwasher. Continue to have issues with foul smell, and my wife is very diligent in cleaning all the nooks and crannies. Seems that it is just a really poorly designed machine. This contrasts to the Samsung fridge with which we have had no complaints. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:21:01	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
78307156	This is one of the worst dishwashers I have ever used.  Even with the manufacturer recommendations and using a drying agent the dishes still are not very dry compared to all of the other dishwashers I have used.  I've had this dishwasher over a year now and always rinse my dishes before putting them in and if I skip a day using it, it will start to have a slight smell.  I've already replaced one of the plastic clips for the top shelf and the other side is in need of replacing real soon. I did not purchase this dishwasher from Amazon, but I had read the reviews here before purchasing.  The owner of the store that sold it to me said he has never had a complaint about this dishwasher.  He said try it out for a month, and if I didn't like it, he would take it out and replace it with something else.  Well I tried getting a hold of him in that month's time and he was on vacation or not in.On the plus side, the dishwasher is pretty quiet, and thats about the only thing that is good about it. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:21:01	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59378971	When i first was researching this dishwasher I had read many good reviews and a FEW bad ones.  Now, a year (almost to the day) after i bought it, the web is full of mostly negative reviews.  Unfortunately, now I also have to add my own. The motor makes a grinding noise, then stops working, displaying an LE error which isn't listed in any of their manuals or troubleshooting guides. It looks to be a common problem with these machines, the filter breaking.Now I have to spend more $$$ (since the labor is our of warranty) as if this dishwasher hadn't cost enough.Although it did work good during the first year, I can't justify spending over $700 and then having to spend on repairs a year later.  One of the most important things to consider when buying a large appliance like this IS reliability, and this LG dishwasher just doesn't cut it.Truly disappointed in this product,I will NEVER buy an LG dishwasher again.  Too bad I can't return it to Home Depot anymore.  Buyer, beware! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:21:01	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28400820	I am so disappointed. I bought the Kitchen Aid KUDS35FXSS5 dishwasher less than a year ago and it is quite possibly the most poorly made appliance I have ever bought. The upper rack is falling apart in front of my eyes. The plastic parts that attach the upper rack to the wheels that enable pulling the rack in and out have broken off of 3 of the 4 wheels. It is still under warranty so the company has sent replacement parts and a technician to repair the unit but because most of them broke in such a short time I feel confident that the replacement parts will also break a few months after the one year warranty expires. Clearly there is a major design flaw here. It does not seem that the plastic that they used on the racks is capable of withstanding the heat of the dishwasher. Sadly, this is not the only issue I have had with this dishwasher. The mechanism (really it looked more like a STRING) that makes it so the dishwasher door doesn't fall open suddenly, snapped within a couple months of my owning the appliance. I am not only frustrated with the inconvenience of this dishwasher I feel SCAMMED BY KITCHEN AID. I called the company explaining that this dishwasher is majorly flawed and the person who answered the phone said he was sorry and that dishwashers are built by people who aren't perfect and that he could send me information on BUYING an extended warranty but he could not help me in any other way. The plastic parts need to be made of a stronger material. DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:21:01	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
31407266	Maytag intentionally makes their troubleshooting guide confusing (I have an engineering degree and work with tech docs all the time).  Their web site is rude, demanding personal information just to tell you if the product has been recalled.  It tells you a lot about their attitude to the consumer post purchase.  If you but this you will need to replace it within 2 years. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:28:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	customer service complaints	false
23661966	Works well, but I wish that it had a countdown timer so that you could see just where it is in the cycle. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:28:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	wishes it had a countdown timer	false
14745110	Used 6 month now. 47dBa noise is now 75dBA - technician is coming to see what's the deal. The racks are too small, something like 2-3 inches less width then standard US dishwashers. Believe me this matters. Now instead of one load (old Kenmore) I am doing two loads in Bosch after dinner. The glasses can come out cloudy very easy due to lack of rinse agent, improper loading, etc. The unit actually does not clean that good heavy soiled pots even during 2 hour power cycle. If the unit was $550 I would give more favorable review, but I paid $900 and for that money I expected a lot more.Update - a tech came in and advised the noise level is normal. In the mean time it became even more noisy, It also started to perform poor in terms of washing the dishes on the upper rack.Final conclusion - junk. Would never buy again. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:28:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
49234427	i owned one for 3 years; when its drain motor broke down, i had to throw it away as it is very costly to fix. i got a second one because this brand/model was the most inexpensive for doing the job. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:28:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	expensive drain motor broke	false
1787392	Ran 2 cycles without dishes, and after running my first cycle with dishes in it, it ruined all of my normal, dishwasher safe, no problem with my old dishwasher dishes.  Every spot where the dish touched the rack, it put black marks on my white dishes.  Called Bosch, and they won't do anything about it.  It also doesn't dry the dishes very well at all.  The only decent thing about it is that it is very quiet. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:28:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28512738	shipped in two days, but after opening the box noticed the sick adopter was broken. emailed the company and they sent out a new adoptor with in the week.  hooked it all up and it works great. cycle time is a bit long, but it's super quite.  (tip: turn on hot water and let it run hot before connecting dish washer before each wash.) 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:29:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
28534150	This GE dishwasher, like most made within the past ten years, is made almost entirely of plastic. That's actually a good thing. Its light weight makes it easier to install without a helper -- just make sure to anchor it to the underside of the counter or you'll pull it right out when you try to open the door! Installation was not the easiest (and I'm a general contractor!) -- like most dishwashers, it requires you to lay flat on your belly while you attach the electrical and supply line about ten inches from your nose. Not fun. I kept the insulation from the old dishwasher and wrapped it over top of the new insulation before installing it. I couldn't believe how quiet this dishwasher was when I ran it for the first time -- 54 decibels, which means you won't have to turn up the TV in the next room while it's running. The features are pretty nice for a dishwasher in this price range -- delayed start, water temperature boost, extra heated dry cycle for sanitizing. There is a food grinder so you don't need to pre-rinse (I do anyway) but there's also a mesh filter that can be cleaned periodically to prolong the life of the grinder. The silverware basket is a big improvement over my last dishwasher -- it attaches to the door so you don't have to pull out the lower rack. The only thing I don't really like is that the upper rack doesn't have enough dividers to keep narrow glasses from falling over when you pull the rack out. All in all, I think this is a great value. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:29:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	upper rack needs more dividers	false
88781756	Bought this unit to match the Samsung counter depth refridgerator. It sat in my garage for 6 months because of remodeling. By the time I had it installed the warranty period was almost up. Well I used it about 4 or 5 times but each time I had to unplug it and plug it back in for the power to come on. I finally called Samsung and they said it was a known issue in the control panel. By now the unit was out of warranty and it cost me $290 to have someone come out and replace the control panel. I think that is is unconscionable for a company to make you pay to repair a known major defect (I looked at the repair procedures of the repairman and it mentioned a bulletin issued for this particular problem.) STAY AWAY! 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:29:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
85319665	We selected this commercial product for home use, as we frequently entertain a large family and many friends.  All was fine for a year or so, until it failed to heat water.  The repair service, which is also promoting the item in the US, finally analyzed the problem as mice in the circuitry.  At first, this seems reasonable and even embarrassing.  But I am the only person in the world who has even had a mouse in a kitchen?  What about all the other applicances that have never been so affected?After numerous attempts to repair or replace the circuitry, the dishwasher was removed and returned to the shop.  Inquiries were ignored until we eventually learned that this Fagor product could not be repaired.  At all.  No alternative was offered.We are easy-going people for whom the hassle of additional pursuit, legal or otherwise, is not worth the effort, so I am contenting myself with simply alerting the dishwashing world: Beware of any product that allows normal kitchen events to render their expensive equipment unrepairable. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:29:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Issue with DW due to mouse in kitchen not product defect	false
25814456	We bought the Electrolux EWDW6505GS dishwasher in June 2008.  We have had three major service problems in our short 18-month ownership... outrageous considering that it was sold as a high-end and reliable appliance.  The first problem we had occurred just a couple months after we installed the dishwasher; it would report Error 01 which is a leak detection error.  We had someone come out (on Electrolux's dime) and they found some of the hose clamps were not sufficiently tightened from the factory.  After the tech tightened them up, we haven't had the same problem since.  However, it was very disconcerting to learn that it was a problem with the dishwasher as delivered... basically a brand-new appliance.  The second problem we were having was with very loud noises during the drain cycle.  We had a tech come out (again on Electrolux's dime) only to find that there was a grape stem in the drain pump.  The tech said he had seen this happen because the filter at the bottom of the tub isn't suffiently tight enough to block items such as grape stems from entering into the dishwasher's plumbing system.  Another troubling discovery.  Recently we have had an Error - 08 show up on the WaveTouch panel which according to the manual says Tactile or touch switch - Control board has verified a switch on the user interface board is bad or shorted.  I called up Electrolux.  Cost to replace?  $375 plus labor.  So basically another $500 must be invested into this dishwasher after just 18 months of you.  I cannot recommend the Electrolux dishwasher.  It looks great, cleans very well, but the build quality is very lacking... avoid! 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:29:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62438991	Great price all the things needed to install dishwasher. wont find cheaper anywhere else 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:33:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83661599	As a single person in a studio apartment, I absolutely love this dishwasher.  As someone who hated hand-washing my dishes, my only regret not getting one sooner!. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:33:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
9912012	We've had a bunch of dishwashers in various apartments and homes over many years. When I remodeled the kitchen this year, I decided to replace a 12 year old KitchenAid dw, even though it still worked. Going by many reviews, I chose a Bosch similar to this model (they keep changing model features and numbers so that we can't really compare much).Well, it does clean dishes well, and it IS very quiet, which is what the reviews promsed. However, two aspects make me give these dws a less than stellar review: 1. The Bosch runs for at least twice the time as my previous KitchenAid, using hot water and power in greater quantities; 2. The interior racks are very strange designs. If I had only paper-thin plates, and probably no bowls, these racks might work, but in reality, this unit holds less than previous dws. Bosch did offer to replace these racks with others, but said I would need to find the racks I wanted. After visiting a number of huge stores selling these units, I realized that virtually all were like mine, and none were better. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:33:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32434340	This dishwasher is very cheap, and you get what you pay for.  I bought one, which initially did a decent job at washing the dishes.  However, it stopped working after only 25 days of use.  I am very good with tools and machinery repair, and this was an electronic failure, not easily or cheaply repaired.  I should also point out that my family consists of only two members, and we used the dishwasher every other day.  Do yourself a big favor, and do not buy this appliance. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:33:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
81824830	This machine has been a huge hit for me. Believe or not this is my very first dishwasher machine! I have always heard that dishwasher machine does not do a good job so I always ignored it when I could buy one. Also,  most of my adult life I have lived in an rented apartment with no dishwasher and of course you cannot have one until I found this one. I did know that countertop dishwasher machine existed!We are a family of 4 and it does a great job for us. I'm so impressed how helpful this machine has been for me. I like to clean and keep things clean in my apartment which was a bit difficult, being a full time worker, mom and wife and washing dishes is my least favorite thing to do. Indeed I have always hated washing dishes and my daughters too because I never had help. My kitchen has never looked so clean and organized before! I now don't care when my daughters use so many dishes and cups. I used to buy disposable plates and cup but not anymore! This machine cleans the dishes way, way more better that me! So shiny and sparkle dishes, yes they shine and I'm so impressed.I run it once everyday. At first I was using the 45 minutes cycle but it is better the one of 1 hour and 10 minutes because it does dry your dishes! I don't put pan on it. Just having the help of washing all the plates, cutlery and cups is more that enough or great help for me.It is a bit tricky fitting dishes on the machine, so you might have to buy plates or bowls that are suitable for the machine like flat plates and not so deep bowls or too big.Overall good machine. Make sure to read the manual. I was able to setup up mine in 15 minutes with no help.  I use Cascade Platinum dishwasher detergent which is the best one I have tried and hot water. If you leave in an apartment don't miss the opportunity to buy one; you will be very happy! My hands look great and my nails are now growing! 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:33:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	mentioned it was smaller but did not complain	false
24820685	I bought this unit in April 2003. Before I decided on a Haier I researched four or five other tabletop units. The Haier is the only one with two spray arms. It has the tallest interior height, and was the cheapest. This unit lacks a sanitizing wash, a powered drain pump, and a stainless steel interior. Despite its low ratings I decided that two spray arms were worth the gamble. My first thoughts were that the manual is not well written, the vent dry is useless, it is as loud as an older under counter model, beeps more than necessary, and only cleans dishes that are dirty not crusty. This model has it's quirks but does what it is designed to do.After about one year it stopped working (5/2004 just out of warranty). Rather than sending the unit for repair I decided to open it and see what was wrong. One of the wires had burned through it's connector and was causing a fault in the computer. A simple repair but kind of a pain to diagnose. Since then the unit has faithfully worked every day sometimes twice a day 1000+ wash cycles. Last week (11/2006). It started leaking. Slow at first than increased to a steady flow. Once again I decided to open the unit and see what was wrong. It was one of plastic water distribution channels that brings pressurized water from the motor to the top sprayer arm. I was surprised to see how cheap and poorly designed these vital parts were. But at an original cost of 175$ and over 1000 washes 17.5 cents per wash was well worth it. I have decided to buy the same model as a replacement. I will update in a few monthsIf you are handy, don't need instructions and don't mind tinkering with this unit it does it's job reasonably well for it's price.The key to this product is not to expect it to do what it was not designed to do.UPDATEMy new unit arrived today (11/14/06). Despite having the same model number the current units that are sold have a different design. Gone is the top sprayer arm. SO, the reason I bought haier in the first place no longer applies. The good news is the design of the internal parts is much better than they were in 2003. From looking inside I can see most of the leaking problems would have been resolved. The heater is still close to the control panel so we will have to see how it performs over time. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:35:03	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28455327	We've had similar problems with this dishwasher.  This first problem is that regular sized dinner plates don't fit!!!  The second is the soap dispenser doesn't open all the time.  I agree with others, a total lemon. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:35:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66576626	This works perfectly for my son and his wife now that they have a new baby and a small toddler. They can be sure that the cups, bottles, and pacifiers are cleaned and steamed and the dishwasher still works perfectly. It's very easy to use also. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:35:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
63378611	Was skeptical of this whole counter top dishwaherndeal got it today and did great.  Had week old dishes covered ran first load on pots and pans with some jet dri added once completed all of them were spotless.  Assuming it last great product. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:35:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73313250	F- RatingIf I could go lower I would.  This is the worst dishwasher I can imagine.  After less than 1 month of use the motor has failed and makes a grinding noise typical motor failure you'll read about on other boards.  Nor does this product clean dishes well.  I want my money back I do not want to deal with this.  I will contact the US Consumer Protection agency to file a federal complaint to perhaps stop importing these engineering disasters. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:35:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58763626	I debated on this due to the comments about the lousy Users Manual, but the one that came with mine was very straight forward.  After I got my unbelievable plumbing challenge taken care of, I simply hooked it up and turned it on.  They must have read the reviews!!!ONE BIG FYI FOR ANYONE WITH VINTAGE KITCHEN FAUCETS: My circa 1920's wall mount kitchen faucet had an aerator on it, so I didn't expect any problems until I went to replace it with the adapter and discovered the threads were all stripped and someone had just stuck it on with looked like bubblegum.  After 5 trips to the hardware store, I had no choice but to replace the faucet.  Because I didn't want to disturb the arms that came out of the wall for fear of busting a pipe, it took me forever to find a faucet whose valve body was identical to the old one.  After I installed the new one, I discovered that Chicago Faucets have slightly smaller diameter aerator threads than the standard size, so back to the hardware store for an adapter. It would have been wonderful if the installation kit had included an adapter.My first load just finished and the Danby's performance was beyond my wildest expectations.  When I got the dishwasher, I optimistically loaded it with dishes without pre-rinsing them.  It took 10 days to resolve my plumbing issues, and I stubbornly refused to take them out of the dishwasher and wash them by hand. The dishes were spotless, not even one speck of dried on food.All I can say is that I wish I had done this 8 years ago when I bought my condo with the impossibly tiny kitchen. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:36:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	wishes it came with adapters	false
55906359	I bought this dishwasher based on good reviews, good price and free/included shipping. It seemed to be the leastexpensive with the minimum necessary features.(good particle filter,docking arm for upper basket,reasonably strongbaskets, stainless steel front,and reasonably quiet.I bought it to replace a 6 yr old, rusted out,contractor grade GE unit that frankly shouldn't be legally called a dishwasher. Without effectivefood filtering, it was almost as quick to handwash.I was looking for a better quality dishwasher, but couldn't find one that correlated quality andprice. This is a frustrating situation. This isn't rocket science. You can't have lownoise, quick wash, water saving, and 100% flawless results at the same time, so why spend 3Xhoping for magic?Think about it. If you have ever used a commercial dishwasher, you know that dishes can be washed in 5 minutes. This uses lots of hotwater, power, and is noisy. Unfortunately, most of us have living areas connected to our kitchens so we have tocompromise.Pros for this dishwasher:Reasonably quiet(BTW, if it seems noisy, make sure you have enough insulation to fill the space aroundthe washer. Buy some quilt stuffing at a sewing center if you find you need more. Also, makes sure it is installed sufficientlydeep in the cabinet so sound doesn't leak around the sides. I found most of the remaining noise came out of the front vent.)Roomy.Soap drawer doesn't seem to have design flaws.Does a satisfactory cleaning job that doesn't require prewash. It won't remove carbon(duh!) but other baked on stuff came off justfine. I mainly use the regular cycle without added heat. I did increase the heat when I did some broiling pans.Cons:Top basket isn't adjustable.(don't really care) If you have things more than 14 in(35 cm)tall you must angle them.Baskets aren't nylon coated.(I would have paid for upgrade if available)Some noise. If you really don't want to hear it, get something else. I definitely don't have to turn up the TV, though.I don't like the slot topped silverware baskets.(I unsnapped the lids and stored them)Electronic controls. Manufacturers seem to unwilling to make electronics sufficiently reliable. I couldn'tfind a good enough dishwasher with motor-timer controls. OTH, I haven't seen any horror stories about this one.My rating takes price into consideration. If I paid twice as much, I would expect more(and probably been $400 less happy).If you have apartments, this should make for happy tenants. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:36:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
29987496	The only positive about this machine is the fact that it is quiet. Oh, pardon me, it looks nice too.  Sleek and minimalist design, almost all controls are hidden at the top of the door.  Too bad it doesn't wash dishes!  I have washed pots, pans, and dishes three times in a row in this machine and they just will not come clean!I called the retailer and they said that the machine requires a high efficiency dishwashing soap, so I scoured the grocery store to find one and all I could find that appeared to be the latest and greatest was a package of dishwashing pellets with a rinse agent built in.  These were made by Finish once known as Electrosol.  But there isn't actually any high efficiency dishwashing powder, or liquid, or pellet that I can see on the market.Even on the heavy setting, which goes on for over three agonizing hours, the dishes simply were not clean.  The wine glasses looked cloudy, the mixing bowls were caked with bits of food particles and above all, the dishes were soaking wet, covered with water after the end of the cycle and this is after a long, long drying cycle. You would have to remove every single dish and wipe it down if you want to avoid watermarks.  Who needs that?I purchased a package of Samsung products all in stainless and all at the same time. The fridge is terrific, beautiful, well made and stylish. The washer and dryer are a dream.  My range is Whirlpool because I wanted gas and Samsung doesn't make one.  But this dishwasher...I am sending it back to the retailer and I want something that will clean my dishes.  My word of advice here...buy some other brand! 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:36:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34833301	Had this dishwasher for 2 mos now. Reading the reviews is mind boggling to me. I love mine! I have no complaints! Dishes come out super clean. It's so quiet you don't know it's running! Only reason I didn't give this 5 stars is the lower rack does come off track at times...just have to be careful. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:36:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79310835	I bought mine from Sears so that was my first mistake.  It doesn't hold the plates straight so it doesn't get them clean.  Then it sprays the inside after the cycle so everything is wet.  This model needs to be retrofitted for decent customer service or taken off the market.  DON'T buy this piece of junk. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:36:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	sprays the dishes after the cycle is done but more of a design flaw than a defect	false
64070312	Most horrible experience ever with an appliance. Three service calls due to no heated water in cycle so dishes never got clean. Awful spray arm design as they clog up very easily. No one could find the problem. Bosch told us we didn't know how to load a dishwasher and refused to replace it. We are trashing it after two years of struggling and are researching others. We were so happy to have bought a Bosch after all the hype but wasted our money plus received very rude customer service. So disappointing. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:37:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74058120	I have been putting this dishwasher through heavy use sense Thanksgiving.  I have to say that this is hands down the best dishwasher I have ever owned.  The cleaning capability of this machine (baked on macaroni and cheese - NOT rinsed) has far exceeded my expectations.  I do not hand wash my pots and pans and my largest, multi-quart capacity pot fits in both drawers just fine.  I have to use the top drawer for my longer cooking utensils, but even at that, I have laid them down on the side shelves and they get clean all the same.  And speaking of the side shelves, I was worried that since the glasses just sit freely on the shelves that they would fall off.  Not so.  And my glasses come out sparkling and spot/debris free.  In fact, my dishes have never been cleaner.  The machine is easy to use, versatile and I love the ability to run the drawers separately and at different cycle settings.  So I can run a really dirty load on the bottom and a light clean load up top.I have to say, that all the bad reviews caused some concern for me, but I had a professional company install my machine and it has been thrilling me ever since.  Kind of funny to write of a dishwasher thrilling me, especially because I am not a very domesticated, cookie baking type of woman.  But ladies, this is my Ferrari in the kitchen.So, in my humble opinion, the people most likely to write a review are the ones that have a complaint.  No appliance is perfect, but as for me, this is as close as it gets and I will never buy anything else again.  And I find it interesting that most of the bad reviews of this machine recommend another brand.  I question the integrity of those reviews.I love, love, love this machine and if I could give it a higher rank, I would. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:37:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70042607	Our fancy $1200 KitchenAid dishwasher lasted less than 6 years before the springs completely broke off of the door and the dishwasher won't run. The cost to repair is at least $300. Might as well buy a new one. But NOT KitchenAid. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:37:54	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
32795020	This was a present for my son and he said he prewashes some things if they are stuck on foods that he didn't rinse off right away 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:37:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
73682427	I really wanted to love our months-old Bosch without reservation. It got great CR reviews and it's energy efficient and it's quiet, yes it is. But oh my, trying to load it is a daily challenge. I have read and re-read the section in the manual about optimal loading patterns and all I can say is perhaps if I were regularly throwing dinner parties for 8 or more I'd be happier with it. In my real life as a mom though, dishwash loads consist of a lot of different items with varied space needs and I find myself frustrated every day by how peculiar the design of the racks seem. You can move some of the tines down, and even shift some, and I've done that, but I continue to be stymied by the design's inability to adapt to my needs. Perhaps the worst aspect of the design is that about half of the tines are extremely close together - better suited to tupperware lids than actual plates, unless you have the really thin Corian ones maybe.I was in a friend's kitchen and found myself wistfully eyeing her 8-year-old Whirlpool, with its capaciously designed racks and clever silverware-in-the-door trick.I would not buy this dishwasher again, I'm afraid. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 14:37:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31532409	It says commercial, however, not very sturdy. We are a small bar, only washed myabe 50 glasses on weeknights and a few hundred on weekends, never more than 500 in any night.  First the on off toggle switch became loose, a week later it started to smoke and the units breaker cut off and it died. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:53:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47395675	I consider a dishwasher to be an essential kitchen appliance, and have thus installed them at my own expense in several apartments I have lived in. In my latest apartment however, the circa 1900 kitchen counters were not able to fit a full-size dishwasher! After much research and debating, I took a chance and purchased this small-size Premia PDW-66EW, and hard-plumbed it under the kitchen counter. I have had it for two years now, and it has been a fantastic appliance! No pre-rinsing of dishes is necessary, and even with a full/awkwardly stacked load, it gets the dishes squeeky clean. It helps I think that I rinse the filter after every use (it's very easy to do) and check the sprayer every dozen or so washes to make sure no citrus seeds are stuck in the sprayer outlets. This dishwasher won't take large dishes, but mine (10 1/4 diameter) fit just great. I highly recommend this unit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:53:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40193836	When we bought it, it looked very modern with many features.  We had it 6 months. The first thing to go is the top shelf height adjusters. I bought new ones, they need to be replaced now.  The thing does not drain. I get a constant SE error message. Loosely translated, it means the pump is bad. If you really want a dishwasher, consider a rock and a creek stream before wasting your money on this thing. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:53:13	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
52399719	It has malfunctioned almost since we bought it six months ago. It doesn't clean dishes AT. ALL., and never has. EVERY cycle leaves at least half the dishes still dirty. The racks have hung at an odd angle since about the third time we used it. They are plastic, and have virtually no support for them. Just poor, poor engineering all the way around. We're about to start the process of making a claim on the warranty, and if their CS is anything like their products, it's going to get ugly.Skip this model, it's a waste of money even if it's free. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:53:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design issues	false
66366812	I just got this dishwasher and there were some website filled with positive reveiws and others that had nothing but poor reviews, but since I needed a new dishwasher ASAP I needed something acceptable that was in stock locally that I could get that day and this one met those needs.  First, I had a fairly large GE that had racks that were 21 square and I didn't want to go smaller.  This one is a 1/8 smaller, but is considered a 15 place setting dishwasher.  I prefer buttons on the front but like I said I needed one quick so I couldn't be too picky.  My husband was doing the installation and that was pretty easy if you are at all handy.  The only two issues we had on istallation.  The first was that our countrtops are granite so we had to opt for side installation and there were no intructions for that (although if you buy a special kit they are enclosed). Also, we ended up lowering it a half inch more than suggested so I could better see the hidden buttons.So, some of the negative reviews mentioned this washer doesn't clean well.  Our sales person told us unless it was set to high temp wash it wouldn't clean well...something to do with most water heaters not being set high enough to break down dishwasher detergent so it can clean.  So we used the high temp wash with heated dry and our dishes were clean but they were wet, wet, wet, particularly the plastics.  So the next time, I set the wash to not only hight temp wash, but also chose sani-rinse (which is a high temp rinse), plus heated dry.  On that wash, I not only had clean dishes but also dry dishes, including dry plastics.  The only exception to the dry plastics was the one container that had a divet in it that acted like a mini pool, so there was still a little water on that one.  All the plastic cups with bottom rims were dry.  In general, I am happy with this washer and the only reason I knocked one star off is that I think I shouldn't have to use every high temp setting to get clean dry dishes.  I am guessing that most of those people who are unhappy with the cleaning and drying didn't have a salesperson to give them a heads up on the most effective settings.  I know had I not been told, I would have just washed on normal wash, and not have added high temp, or sani rinse.UPDATE - DEC 26, 2012...I had my mom and sister visiting and my sister convinced me to do some test with some super hard to clean to items, like a totally gunked mac  cheese casserole dish, an oatmeal bowl from breakfast that had been allowed to sit all day, and my mothers dried up metamucil glass.  I only agreed to forego my thorough rinsing because she agreed to clean it all if the dishwasher didn't get it.  Well, the dishwasher got it all off no matter how awful the dish looked going in. So now I just scrape the extra food out of pans and off the dishes and put them in, and they come out perfectly clean every time.  I still get a little bit of water on some plastics (not nearly as much as my old dishwasher) but using the sani-rinse and heated dry really helps keep the wetness to a minimum.Update - Dec 31, 2011...Uh oh, I had a load with very wet plastics while my husband was out of town.  Ends up he was popping the door open after the wash was done to let the steam escape, resulting in much dryer plastics.  I didn't do that and had wet plastics.  So another hint, pop open the door after the wash.  Still very happy with this dishwashers cleaning power. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:53:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
5594577	I had a Danby countertop dishwasher that I used for about 4 years and I loved it.  I despise doing dishes so these portable dishwashers are a godsend for me as I am still renting and I don't have the option of a conventional built in dishwasher.  I ended up getting a new dish set about a year ago, but unfortunantly because the set has square plates, the larger plates did not fit in the countertop.  I had to angle them in a weird way and it was just a hassel..... So I finally decided to get a new, bigger dishwasher that I was hoping would be able to accomodate my square plates.Enter the SPT dishwasher.... I was a little skepticle buying a dishwasher from A) A brand I was not too familiar with, and B) One that did not have any reviews yet.  Well, after using it for a few days, I am in love with this thing.  It looks great, much better than the old Danby countertop, and it sits at the perfect height with my counters.  The power cord and the water hoses having a storage compartment in the back is great, and allows it to very quickly be thrown to its storage area when it is not in use.  The dishes are coming out great so far, and coming from the countertop with only one spray arm below the dishes, having the second spray arm also hitting the bottom rack from the top is great.  All of that I was sort of expecting given the design of the dishwasher though, now on to what really suprised me and went above my expectations.First of all, this thing is quiet.... I mean, I could sleep next to this thing and have no issues.  The first time I went to use it, I was stumped.  The front panel indicated that it was on and working, but it was so quiet filling with water and then running, I did not even realize it was working because the TV volume in my livingroom 30 feet away was covering up the sound of this running with me standing right next to it.  This was FANTASTIC to me as the old countertop dishwasher was very loud, partially to the fact that I think the front window that Danby feels their dishwashers need did not insulate sound at all and the spray hitting the window created quite a purcussion effect between the two window panels.  Seriously, that old Danby countertop made me have to turn the TV in my living room up when it was running....Anyway, back to the SPT. Another great thing that caught me by suprise was that the top shelf is able to adjust between two different heights.  This is nice as it makes it able to accomodate taller glasses and such.  My square plates can not fit with the top set to the lower of the two settings, but its no big deal to move it depending on what it is that I want to wash.I was a little hesitant of the silverware basket, but all the silverware is coming out nice and clean so far.  The filter system used in this is a huge step up from the countertop.  This uses a three stage filter that ensures it catches everything and actually breaks up what is caught in the filter to send it through the drain.  The dishwasher is able to use those special All in 1 tablets and has a special setting for them, but I have not used them yet.... I will probably pick some up after my current round of powder detergent is used up. Finally, there is also a start delay button so you can choose to have the dishcycle start automatically after a set delay time.Any negatives so far?  None that are really a glaring negative for me.... But the wash cycles are quite long, with the normal being a bit under two hours, and the heavy being about two hours and 15 minutes.  There are shorter cycles available, but those are the only two standard washes I have been using.  It is worth noting though that this has quite a few cycle options...more what you expect from a regular dishwasher rather than a portable.  My old countertop only had a dial to select the time, with a full wash taking about an hour, so even though it takes longer, the expanded flexability and options offset that for me.  The hoses are plenty long to use with the unit in front or just to the side of the sink, but if you want to use it from the end of your counters or more than a few feet from your sink, you will need to make a trip to Lowes or Home Depot and get some extra hose and fittings to lengthen them. My counter end is about three and a half feet from my sink side, and me being lazy and not wanting to wheel the dishwasher out all the time or having it in the way in front of the sink, just lengthened the hoses a little and can now leave it in place.The dishwasher is delivered by freight, and it arrived in suprisingly good shape with no box punctures or issues.  On the inside, it is packed with a good amount of styrofoam padding and comes fully assembled with the wheel casters, hoses, and everything else already attached so it is ready for use straight out of the box.*Update 6/9/13*Well, I finally finished building my house and have passed the dishwasher on to a family member as I now have a built in.  The unit still looked and operated like new when I parted with it.  The faucet hookup had developed a little bit of a constant dripping leak with the water on, but I am sure some new O-rings could have fixed that little problem.  I might have been lucky, but I never had any pieces break on it, though I did try to be gentle with it.  I would still highly recommend this to anyone looking for a portable unit who have some floor space to spare. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:59:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37341324	This completes my stainless steel. All my appliances are Kitchenaid, so of course I love it. Dishwasher runs extremely quite. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:59:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61958760	I have had my FP double-drawer dishwasher for about 5 years and it has never cleaned dishes properly. This is especially galling given that the salesman told me that it was so good that he put a whole pizza, in its box, in the DW, ran it, and the DW was empty and spotless afterward. OK, that sounded like hyperbole, but this is not: I carefully rinse (sometimes even wash) all dishes before loading them, and they come out dirtier than they go in. If there is even a speck of oil, chocolate, or tomato sauce on one dish, the whole load comes out dirty. I have gotten used to this (not happy, but not ready to spend more $ on a new unit), but now there is a new problem: everything is coming out with a chalky white residue coating it--must be detergent. I use Jet-Dry/Finish rinse agent, as directed (never had to use it with any other dishwasher). I put in a minimal amount of detergent--and a decent brand. I could never recommend this product, even though I have a friend who loves hers. I think hers is the exception, as everyone else I know hates theirs! 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:59:04	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
54982764	**UPDATE***April 1, 2008Still washing a year later!**UPDATE***March 23, 2007Still incredibly happy with this machine.  Have it on the stainless steel rolling cart that is the perfect size.  A great solution to a small kitchen and a sink full of dishes!I just got this dishwasher yesterday, so I will update this review if things go horribly wrong!  Installation was easy -- the hard part was replacing my fancy kitchen faucet with a standard one to accommodate the attachment hose required (but that's a different story).Within 15 minutes my friend and I had it up on my narrow counter (note that the legs of the machine are spaced at about 18 wide and 15 deep, and it's also a bit shy of the 19 depth stated in the specs), hoses tightened, faucet adaptor screwed in, and dishes loaded.  I was able to fit in quite a bit of stuff -- but I doubt that my larger dinner plates will fit, since they are significantly oversized.  But I usually just use my salad plates, as they are oversized as well.With much excitement, I turned on the water and pressed the power button.  And away it went!  When it was done (maybe 40 minutes???) everything was clean except for the two coffee mugs that had been sitting with coffee for several days (ring of coffee that I had to wipe off).  Oh, and there was a little chunk of salsa on the plate that had sat out overnight and dried.  I wanted to test this little guy with some really dirty dishes.  It passed.  Oh, and there was no water leaking from any part of the machine, so apparently we did a good job of tightening the hoses.  So after dinner and more dirty dishes, I ran it again before going to bed.  So nice to not have a sink full of dirty dishes!Overall, the machine is not tiny, but not huge.  I will be buying a rolling cart to keep in on.  I only have about 4 feet of counter space, so the goal is to free up the area that was used for drying dishes.  It is also fairly quiet -- no louder than a traditional dishwasher (except for the water draining into the sink).So, overall, I am very happy with my purchase.  Since it only uses 3 gallons of water, I think I will be using less water than hand washing.  And it also has a 1-year guarantee, so that gives me some piece of mind.  Oh, and the best thing... It's silver.I ordered thru [...] and it arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  So if you're debating over a countertop model, and are willing to add a slightly odd looking contraption to your kitchen, I'd say give it a shot. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:59:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77566645	For a brand new unit this dishwasher doesn't dry at all even in the hottest temp setting.  We have tried all settings and water still builds up.  I wouldn't recommend buying this unit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 14:59:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
20507945	I live at home with my parents and doing the dishes is my chore. My father bought this dishwasher in black two years ago. You can fit big pans/potsin it and its nice your can put lots of silverware in the two caddies. Each dishwasher has a large silverware caddy. I have three down fallabout this dishwaser. one is thatwater sits on the bottom of both dishwashers all the time. THe second thing is you have to lift the silverware caddy everytime your dishs are clean to get the catcher out that catches items so it doesnt clog. I like the idea of the little catcher that both dishwashers have. It catches small items like paper, pea size things and lettuce. The dishwasher has setting on the top when you open it for heavy duty, normal and eco. The third thing is I dont like that the on button is on the front and not on the top where the setting are. Because little kids would press the button and turn the dishwasher on or people could bump into it and start it. Maybe with the newer models they changed it or they will changed it. I will never go back to a regular dishwasher. Im about to move out this coming year and I will have to buy me one of these dishwasher!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:02:04	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19305713	This dishwasher is small on the inside and i am not able to put as many dishes in it as an old dishwasher at my apartment.  The first time I used this product, it left food product on some of the dishes and that was  after I rinsed them.  I did not have the same problem on second and third washes so I'm not sure what the problem was.  Overall it is a decent product for the price but small.  I am single and I think it is small so if you have a family getting a bigger unit would be ideal. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:02:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	smaller than expected	false
85334278	I have had this unit for 2 years and it's still going strong.  Why am I writing after all this time?  Because I am so impressed with this unit that I am considering other products by the same company.  I noticed it was still for sale and thought I would see what others' experiences were.  I have to say from reading the other reviews, that there are many misconceptions about this unit.For one person, maybe two, it rocks.  It's not a family machine.  It's a nice, compact system that takes up couple square feet of counter space.  You can put about 4 plates, 4 glasses, and couple  bowls, and silverware in a single load; and that's it!  If you over load it, there just isn't enough water flow and the dishes don't get clean.  And use liquid detergent with some kind of spot free rinse.  And run the water to get it hot before hooking up the washer and starting the cycle.  It makes a difference.Installation was a breeze with a little common sence.  You have to hook it up to your sink and that means you have to take the ring off the end of your faucet and replace it with the coupler provided.  Almost all faucets have a screw on end unless they are very designer.  Check your faucet before buying, but chances are very good you'll have this.Maybe I got lucky, but my machine did come with an instuction manual that was good as far as manuals go.After two years, have I had any problems with the unit?  Yes, actually, neither were due to a defect in the machine.  For a while nothing was coming out clean.  I tracked it down to a piece of carrot stuck in the spout on the end of the bottom wash arm.  This prevented the water from coming out of the spout at pressure thus turning the arm.  I popped it out with a toothpick and the problem was solved.Another problem once was that the water was not emptying from the unit.  I tracked that down to a faulty release valve.  Tipping the unit 45 degrees forward to reset the valve did the trick.Finally, once every so often it seems to forget what part of the cycle it is in.  Right in the middle, it will stop, beep at you as if done and then turn off.  In those cases I open the unit, find the dishes either not clean or water still in the tub and just restart it.  It goes theough another full cycle and is fine after that.  Quirky, but not a big deal.Bottom line, as with all machines, don't get mad at it, just think about the problem and see why the malfunction is happening.  Once you know why something is wrong, you can fix it.This machine has been a steal for me at the $150 I spent on it when I consider the number of dishes I didn't have to wash by hand.So, get it, use it right, and enjoy being a single guy or gal not having to do dishes on a Friday night. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:02:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	a few malfunctions but fixed them herself and did not complain	false
16842458	My wife just gave me one of these units for Christmas.  I think it's great, it sits where our dish rack was, and get the dishes quite clean.  Since ourhot water tank is three floors below us, the sani-wash feature insures weactually use hot water for our dishes, too.  I like this unit a lot.I have just one problem: my dinner plates, while big (10.5), aren't huge, but they don't easily load into it.  I'm writing Danby to see what they say, but I think I'll end up having to modify the loading rack so my dishes both load, and don't interfere with the rotating arm.  If your plates are as big as mine, you'll be fine but have trouble loading the machine.  If they're bigger than mine, this machine might not be for you. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:02:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	cannot fit large dishes	false
46274610	Ordered this dishwasher based on others reviews and it really is a great value for the money. As others have stated it would be even nicer if it had a rinse cycle. It gets all the dishes really clean and is much better than the one we replaced. It took a while to be shipped, around three weeks, but when it did ship it was here the next day. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:02:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25426077	I'm your average 30 year old living in NYC in a modest sized apartment, of course, with no dishwasher and no ability to install one based on my lease contract. My roomate and I had a dishwasher in our old apartment and have really been terrible about doing the dishes, but since neither of us like looking at a sink full of dirty cups, I took matters into my own hands and bought this baby. So far I've had it about a week and here are my initial thoughts:1. This is perfect for your normal city dweller running mugs/cups/utensils from food delivery and maybe a plate or two. If you have a big family or a lot of dishes it'll still get the job done, but its not really tailor made for that.2. I've been using those Cascade three-in-one dishwasher tablets and they work really well, all the dishes come out clean and sparkly just like at my parent's house!3. It was super easy to set up, although it is a big large on my countertop. However, its a price I'm willing to pay for having a dishwasher and it is nice looking alongside my stainless steel appliances. Not exactly stainless steel itself, but close enough.4. Its rather quiet and doesn't move around or anything.Once or twice I've gotten an E1 error part was through doing the wash, which it seems like just meant I didn't have my water turned on high enough. Since making that change it has completed each was perfectly (I've done about one a day just because its so exciting, I can't use up my cups fast enough!)I will update if I have any issues, and for the first time ever I bought the 3 year warantee because there was no way I was going to try and mail this beast somewhere if something happened. I hope I won't need it since the quality really is quite good, but for $30 its worth the peace of mind, even though its usually a sucker move.So if you're looking for a little dishwasher to make your urban life feel more suburban, this little guy really does the trick! 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:05:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80440295	We bought this about 2 years ago and it has been terrible.  We have to wash the dishes before putting them in.  It takes forever to finish a cycle as well.  Our previous machine would clean literally anything we put into it.  This one can't get simple things like dried spaghetti sauce off of a plate.  I'll never buy a Bosch dishwasher again.  I would not recommend this product to anyone. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:05:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
91070149	I bought a Haier dishwasher, a year and a month later the control panel stopped working. The appliance repair man said that happens to almost all Haier dishwashers and that I might as well through it away. I have since tried dealing with Haier customer service. This has been going on for 3 months now. I don't recieve calls back when they promise that they would, everybody I talk to tells me something different, it has been an absolute joke. I will never buy a product from this company again. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:05:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
852072	Just a quick update: It's December 2008 and my dishwasher has been working great for a little over 2 and a half years.  I run it on average  four or five times a week.  No problems or service issues what so ever.***********June 4th 2006. I've had my dish washer about two months. The reviews on this little machine are certainly mixed and I really hesitated before buying it. The reviews on the similar Danby unit are better. But for the space I needed to fit it in the Haier was a better fit than the Danby; ( the Dandby is not as tall but wider). I saw that Wal-Mart had the best price and figured why not I've got 90 days to return it to any of their stores if it doesn't work out. So I ordered it and used their free ship-to-store service. It arrived at the store exactly when they said it would. About a week after I ordered it I got an email to pick it up; delivery and pick up were hassle free.Some people have complained about the packaging and shipping damage; I think perhaps packaging has been improved since some earlier reviews. My dishwasher had a plain cardboard box then a tight layer of bubble pack then the inside retail box. It was very securely packaged. As stated in other reviews setup instructions are lacking, but honestly setup is very simple and took me all of 10 minutes. Once you have have everything out of the package. Unscrew the end piece from the tip of your faucet; screw on half the quick release adapter then screw the other half of the quick release adapter onto the garden hose like fitting on the dishwasher's hose. I need to two pairs of pliers to get this part tight enough as it leaked the first time I turned it on. To connect it to the sink pull the plastic ring back and push it on the sink's faucet. The drain hose just lays in the sink. I have mine sitting right next to the kitchen sink and hoses store nicely behind the dishwasher. Hooking it up to wash a load takes all of 30 seconds.It uses very little detergent; about a table spoon which goes into an open pocket in the door. Noise is on par with any lower/middle line built in dishwasher I've used. Which is to say you know it running, but it's quite enough. The beeps when it finishes are a bit loud, but are there to remind you to turn off the faucet. The little machine cleans VERY well. At least as well as any other dishwasher I've used.The vented dry option is about useless. It takes an extra 15 minutes and is supposed to pull the steam out the drain hose. The machine does not really have a true drying mode. To switch on/off vented dry push the normal or heavy cycle  wait a second then push it again before the washer starts; you have to select it before it starts washing. The vented dry light toggles on or off and this is not clear in the manual. A normal cycle takes about 25 minutes and a heavy cycle about 40 (add another 15 minutes or so for the useless vented dry. If you hang one of the little Jet Dry baskets in the machine and just open the door at the end of the cycle it drys very fast and spot free. It's been my experience if it won't clean the dishes on normal cycle it doesn't get it on heavy either; which seems to be just a longer normal cycle.  Plus by not using the vented dry I think I'll extend the life of the machine as I'm cutting 15 minutes of use off the heating element each time I wash a load.A few hints. Run your tap water until it's HOT before you hook up the hose. My hot water out of the tap is about 120F and the water temperature coming out of the machine's drain measures at about 150F. The machine does a better job at sanitizing than I ever could by hand washing. And for one or two people is about the perfect size. Do measure the space where it will go before you order. It's about 18 wide 20 deep and 22 tall, so it's very unlikely to fit under any hanging cabinets. It takes up about the same foot print as my old drying rack. After you run the machine remember to pull and rinse the filter screen at the bottom front; that will keep any funky smells out. If you don't have a vegetable spay on your sink to relieve the line pressure on the faucet  hose wrap a dish cloth around the quick disconnect before you remove it to avoid splatter.I REALLY love this little machine; for what I needed it's just about perfect. The quality seems very good it cleans well.  Uses about 4.5gal of water per wash.  It's easy to use and I figure it saves me about an hour a week from washing dishes or about 50 hours a year... how much is 50 hours of your time worth? ... For me it was very easy to justify the $170.00 with taxes I paid. It's a GREAT machine. And if it breaks, well I figure if I get a year out of it, it's more then paid for it's self. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:05:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18765566	This dishwasher came with the house.  We've lived with it for about 18 months and are thoroughly unimpressed.  Initially we were excited about having a name-brand Bosch dishwasher.  It seems like everyone wants one and everyone says they are the best.  For whatever reason, ours just doesn't do a good job cleaning the dishes.  It's nice and quiet, but at the end of the day, we need it to clean the dishes.On the advice of the dealer who originally installed it, we have made sure the filter is clear of food and switched from an eco-friendly detergent to the most powerful stuff we could find.  We also tried several rinse agents (including NOT using a rinse agent).  The detergent switch helped marginally, but there are often times we have to put dishes through twice.We've never been a fan of the look of this model, either.  When we originally moved in, we thought the dishwasher must have been 10+ years old, even though it was just over a year old.As we mentioned before, this unit is nice and quiet.  We also have no complaints about the inside, either.  The best feature for us is that the heating elements are not exposed.  This is useful when washing plastic parts that fall off the rack during washing (think baby bottle parts).  The parts don't get burned/melted/destroyed as they might otherwise.  We have no complaints about the rack layout or quality of the parts.  We have had no reliability issue.  We just don't like how well it washes.We're currently researching a replacement and won't be buying another Bosch. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:05:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40167451	IMHO a piece of junk, it's not user friendly, it did not come with all the proper attachments for my sink and even after getting all the proper attachments I've never been able to get mine working properly. It does nothing more than get dishes wet and as other reviewers have mentioned, if you're not careful with the drain hose it will get everything else wet instead! This is poorly built all around. Save your money and buy anything but this! 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:09:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69291865	Didn't expect that a countertop dishwasher was going to be up to much.. however, this works great so far!Leaks a little bit into the sink when the adapter is connected, but that's really not a problem. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:09:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No	Small leaks in sink that are not problematic	false
51344269	I hate this dish washer. In the end I was double washing all my dishes. What a waste! of water, electricity and time!I still had to Hand scrub each dish with hot soapy water because the dishwasher doesn't even clean fresh milk out of a glass properly.My dishes weren't coming clean after the cycle so I thought I wasn't loading them correctly (even though I followed their chart), so then I loaded less dishes in it but that did not help either, so I did a test and poured milk into a glass, drank it, put the glass into the dishwasher by its self, and ran it again. At the end of the cycle the glass still had milk drops inside of it.I has just sat on my counter for two months because I am SO UPSET it doesn't make things easier for me, which was the purpose of my purchase.I would not recommend this to anyone!! Yes, it is small in size, but it is small in quality too. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:09:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
27074169	Buyer beware.  My Bosch 800 series with 3rd rack and 44 db clunks during various points in the cycle.  It happened the very first time I used it.  I immediately called Bosch, who recommended I experiment with loading it.  It did not subside.  I called the dealer.  The dealer's repair person heard the rhythmic clunking and thought it was the spray arm.  A new spray arm was installed and nothing improved.  The dealer contacted Bosch technicians who thought it could be a motor or pump.  No parts were available from Bosch to fix, and I waited and waited.  Then when the dishwasher was only 4 to 5 months old it just stopped working altogether.  The control panel was defective.  The dealer repairman called Bosch from my house.  He was told by Bosch technicians that this model had a known defect in the control panel, so it was completely redesigned.  Why no recall by Bosch??????  The dealer ordered the new control panel and also a new door panel since the panel is a different dimension now.  Guess what?  No parts available from Bosch.  I waited a month and did dishes by hand.  Finally, the dealer got Bosch to replace my dishwasher.  The new dishwasher (same model with newly designed control panel) clunks rhythmically just a loudly as the prior model.  My advice:  Don't buy it. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:09:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes	loud clunking noise, no available replacement parts	false
21103359	When the washer arrived, I installed it and had problems with it not completing the cycle, leaving water in the bottom and the drying cycle never ending. I called the supplier and they shipped a new one out quickly and with no problems. The new unit works well. I had expected the unit to work the first time, and the installing, removal of the bad washer, and reinstalling of the new one was a hassle. I have to give credit to the supplier for quick follow up. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:09:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Replacement did not have issues	false
24374944	I have had this dishwasher for over two years and I still love it!  It does a much better job than I had expected. I would recommend this little dishwasher to anyone. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:11:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58806737	The dishwasher is a good size when you don't have many dishes. The bottom rack is difficult to keep pulled out as one reviewer had stated when I read the reviews. It is also a little difficult to load some things as the racks are made a little funny. For some reason on the bottom right by the seal food deposits are left over after wash even though there is not much left on my dishes when I put them in. That is the main thing that bothers me. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:11:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25116914	The dishwasher works great! Convenient in our small home and saves money, water and time compared to the handwashing we were doing. The cycle takes about 2 1/2 hours so we turn it on before heading to bed. Easy to use and the we have found it cleans the dishes quite well. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:11:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79138092	If you own the Samsung DMR57LFS then I do not have to tell you that out of the box it is the worst unit you have probably ever used. I was not able to return mine and the Samsung doesn't have great tech support. In fact I never received the extended warranty from Samsung, wonder why!! The dishes stay dirty in the unit and here is how I fixed it. I noticed that the grinder blade was chopping up some of the food and sending it back through the pump over my dishes, the blade was also causing a siren sound from scrapping against the pump screen. I removed the blade altogether as I still had food particles even with it installed. I use the Finish Tablets and the Jet Dry. I ran my unit and presto clean dishes. No more food particles being washed back onto my dishes and being baked on from the hot water. Just make sure to buy the replacement sump cover gasket as the hot water makes the old one stretch out. Many dishwashers do not have the hard food cutter and now I know why. This worked for me and I am glad I did it. Just remember with the blade in food has to get chopped up and it causes resistance on the pump motor, I do not need to replace a motor, that means taking the unit apart. Also the push buttons do ware away. place a warranty call ASAP and get it replaced before it goes out of warranty, the new one has been upgraded with a coating and will not ware off. The cooking oils take the lettering off because Samsumg either forgot to clear coat them or used a bad dye. Good luck and next time I recommend buying a well known dishwasher brand. I was sold on the stainless tank but it is not worth sacrificing the overall operation. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:11:57	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57212728	This is a review for the Danby DW1805.  It looks exactly like the current model here, with the same features, exterior and interior.  Here is my review from several years ago.  I am now on year 7 with this model:------------------------------------------------------------------------------Danby DW1805I used to sell dishwashers at Sears. I've owned several built in full sized dishwashers, even a stainless steel Bosch. This is the first one I am 'giddy' over.I recently downsized to move to Manhattan, which meant getting a small kitchen with no dishwasher. After months of sink washing, I broke down and bought this (Actually, a house guest felt sorry for me, and got it for me after I mentioned I was about to buy it). But not without reading all the specs and reviews. I bought it from eTronics (I've bought from them before) and was pleased with the customer service (so far). They had the best price (no delivery charge, as they have a local store too).After unpacking and inspection, I concluded that it was built with the same specs as the top of the line Kenmore (which I used to sell). It has a form fitting stainless steel interior, mechanical controls (which, IMO, are better than electronic on a machine that gets wet alot), well fitting seals, and stable casters. The interior is FULL size depth and height, just 6 inches narrower in width (Another brand, which I viewed on the spot, was NOT nearly as deep, and had rickety trays). The upper tray has two height settings, but I found the lower setting is not suitable for standard size dishes to fit below. The trays fit well, perhaps a bit too snug, but we'll see if they loosen up with use. The tines are spaced a bit close together for my taste, but after a washing, it appears the 1805 can handle dishes so close together. There is a lower spray arm, middle spray arm and top sprayer (non-spinning). The food filters and heating element in the base are sturdy and well made. Complaint: The hose hook-up are 6 feet long (apparently that is measured from inside the back where they connect to the machine, as they seemed too short and the 1805 must be right up against the sink counter to hook-up.I've never had a portable before, and (with the exception of my dear grandmother) always looked down on them. This one looks solid and has clean lines in any kitchen. On the rear panel, however, you will see a few (covered) rivets and seams, along with the black-plastic lined hose receptable, and serial tags. Unless you store it against a wall, you will see these protrusions. It should fit in with all your other appliances without standing out.The standard load time took about 45 minutes to run. The machine attaches easily to your faucet, though you do have to replace your areator with an adapter that produces a narrower stream of water from the faucet when the DW is not in use. I've only used the economy cycle, which worked great, but there are also Pots and Pans, Delicate, and Rinse only cycles. Additionally, the Delicate cycle can have a no heat option, and the Pots and Pans can have an extra boost option. It heats the water steaming hot.Very Quiet. Though not as quiet as the Bosch I owned (which I think is quieter than a Meile), it was as quiet as my Kitchen Aid. It was definitely quieter than all the plastic tub models out there.I have experienced NO leaks. This even was operated on a non-level floor. My building is 110 years old and the floors are VERY slanted and swelled. This was my biggest concern. After each cycle, I took my flashlight and looked underneath for any signs of water....none. (My neighbors below would not appreciate an un-requested shower).I am a penny-pincher, and stressed over the purchase. Not because of the price, but because of the value for the price. I couldn't believe that such an inexpensive dishwasher could deliver like this one has.I can seriously say that this dishwasher outperforms dishwashers at twice its price. It carries an in-home 1 year warranty, but I always like stores like Sears where if you complain enough they take it back without any questions. So this was a bit of a leap, as Danby relies on authorized service centers (of which I hope I will never use).(*UPDATED DEC 2009)I bought this almost 5 years ago (wow! time flies), and I can say that it is still working great. One wheel keeps falling off, but duck tape took care of that! (Of course). Everything else on it is working fine; fittings, timer, exterior finish, interior lining. no leaks, etc. I use it about 2x per week with Cascade lemon. Always a very full load, and often dishes that have been sitting around a couple days. I hope it lasts me another 5 years. 	meg13	10-22-2015 15:11:57	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	Some design flaws and wheels keep falling off	false
78585370	I haven't used the dishwasher yet. Fit great  looks amazing. Bought it for a flip house. No room for a full size dishwasher. I am sure it will help us to get top dollar for the house. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:20:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66139237	I've had this for almost 2 months.  So far so good it's still running like a champ.  Wasn't too hard to hook up the adapter that came with it; hooked right up to the faucet.  Took a minute to understand when the machine was complete because it didn't specify that feature in the directions.  Overall for what I needed it for it gets the job done. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:20:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40842127	I wondered if it would fit. There was no way looking at the picture and looking at the dishwasher that I could tell if it was even made for it. Well, it does. Solved a serious problem (the dishwasher is in a condo I rent) with minimal effort. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:20:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
27195474	Purchased this dishwasher 1 year ago. Plusses: It is very quiet, uses little or no water, and even less electricity. Minuses: it doesn't clean dishes well. In fact it hasn't cleaned a single dish for the last 3 months, as we have waiting for the replacement parts to come it, the repair man to show up, more parts needed to be ordered, the return of the repair man. Finally fixed, only to die on us again before completing a full cycle.  The repairman has politely advised us to buy a new dishwasher, different brand, since Frigidair dishwashers just don't wash dishes. Being an optimistic person, I continue to believe that this dishwasher some day, somehow can be fixed. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:20:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
15028076	I want to suggest any potential buyer to stay away from this washer.  It is a crap.  I agree that it washes very well, but the drying capability is handicapped(does not dry the plates completely) and the worst part!  It failed to work after only 2 month of normal usages.  One day it just stopped working, and I am trying to contact the customer support right now, and it appears that the people answering the phone is in India and I have to wait for someone else to call me back in US.  Not sure how long it will take....  Wish me good luck! and for thouse of you who has not yet purchased this washer, STAY AWAY! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:20:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37691953	I just gave away a relatively new Bosch dishwasher. It does not have heated drying and it simply DOES NOT dry dishes. NOTHING fits in it either. I have had lots of dishwashers over the years and this is the worst ever. I never thought to ask if it had heated drying - to me that is like asking if the burners get hot on a stove. This D W is in a vacation home. At our other house I open the DW door and everything is sparkly and dry and ready to put away. open the Bosch and you see a sodden mess. Yes I used rinse agent. Yes I propped the door open (stupid!) And we have really hot water. Be forewarned. I just gave it away because I couldn't stand it anymore and my husband is not thrilled to get rid of a working DW. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:23:24	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Complaint re: drying. Not considering this as a cleanliness complaint	false
75319643	I am very glad I decided to spend the extra money on the Frigidaire.  The dishwasher is solid and compact.  It rolls easiliy around my kitchen, and is super easy to hook up.  No nightmare stories like some of the other brands I've read about.It is reasonably quiet, or as loud as other dishwashers are.  It was bigger than I expected inside, and holds a good amount of dishes for an 18 wide space.I have been running this machine solid for several weeks now, and it was a blessing to have at Christmas with many of my relatives over for dinner.  Life is GRAND now that I own this dishwasher.What an upgrade after handwashing all my dishes for the past 10 years.It's GREAT! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:23:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48721455	I purchased this dishwasher from Lowes around 10/15/09. It was supposed to be delivered on the next week. I did not get the dishwasher until the second week of November.  It is now 12/9 and the labels on the panel are already dissappearing.  The power circle button is completely gone. The Delay Start button, which has never been used already reads . . .tart.  The Sanitize word is missing the S. It has never been used.  The circle for Normal is almost gone.  I am just waiting for the Power display to disappear so I can guess where to push to start a cycle.Also it does not dry the dishes at all. I added the recommended jet dry and made sure the hot water was working.  It does not dry the dishes.  I do not know if it is the fault of the dishwasher.  On the plus side it is extremely quiet.  My parents have an ultra quiet dishwasher. I do not know the brand, but it is not Samsung. It too does not dry the dishes.  It may be the trade off one gets for having an ultra quiet dishwasher.  I doubt it as I do not think the drying aspect should relate to the noise level with the actual wash cycle. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:23:24	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Complaint re: drying. Not considering this as a cleanliness complaint	false
23701423	This model SHP65T55UC 500 24 IS VERY QUIET AND SURE HOLDS LOTS OF DISHES AND LARGE ITEMS. The silverware holder is the top wrack. It comes with a basket but the pull out tray is a nice design and we have put the basket away.Why the negative?  YOU MUST PREWASH ALL YOUR METAL PANS OR DON'T EVEN BOTHER TO PLACE THEM IN THE MACHINE. The slots for the dishes are narrow. We use Fiesta Ware so it is hard to load. The soap dispenser is hard to close but this may improve in time.Above was my first review of this dishwasher. I have researched and discovered what I think to be the cause of my dissatisfaction. A few years ago (I think I saw 2010, but not sure)  the Federal Standards for Dishwashers changed and required manufactures to use significantly less water and power. To get the lightly soiled pans clean the dishwasher required much more time to do the job. An hour and a half and more. I now wish I had repaired my previous Bosch instead of replacing it. My 2004 Bosch did a significantly better job of washing than my 2013 model. The Federal Government made a specification change that the engineering has yet to be able to overcome. At least I am hoping that future changes are being planned to increase the cleaning power of future dishwashers.  Consumer Reports rated Kenmore 1 and Bosh 2.Remember the first 1.5 gal. toilets that took two flushes. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:23:24	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
33922710	I bought this dishwasher at Lowes for $485 as a deal because it was the last one they had. It was to replace a GE and the GE had worked fine, but I saw no reson to be brand loyal. I had seen the other gentleman's write up of the machine before I bought it, but it was such a good deal, I took it. I am only washing dishes for three and most of the time we eat out so the dishwasher just gets weird loads of this and that anyway. So it either worked or it didn't and we had 30 days to tell Lowes to pick it up if it did not work. The rack spacing seemed fine to me; it was a good brand; so I decided to give it a try.I have had marvelous success with it. All my glasses and big pans fit into the top rack. The top rack is sloping so really large items fit in it and get a wonderful wash. Also, a selling point for me, you can take the top rack completely out and was REALLY BIG items in the dishwasher. For instance, the literature suggested that when you cleaned your refridgerator, you just take all the shelves out and put them in your dishwasher. Sounds like my kind of machine. Too bad cars no longer have carbeurators,or you could throw that in with your tractor hats and what not.I have had really good success with it cleaning really dirty stuff. I bake a lot and get pans with cake, frosting, dough and all glued to them. And they sit. And they sit some more because I would as soon use a paper plate as to have to unload the dratted dishwasher. So after sitting for 2 weeks, I turn the machine on and the mess is gone and everything is spotless.I do use the Finish Quantum tablets for washing and the Jet Dry Drying agent which is supposed to take the spots off the dishes in a dishwasher that does not have an electric dry cycle. AThe dishwasher actually uses the hot air form heated water to dry the dishes.I live in Arizona and have some of the Worst Hard Water in the Country. Things still come clean and have no spots.I realize that I am not your Normal Dishwasher user, but I think that I am harder on one than most since I only run a full load every 10 or so days and those loads are full of yukky, junky pots and pans that I would normally have scrubbed.I give this dishwasher 5 stars because it has certainly worked well for me.Finish Quantumatic, Refill, 24-CountFinish Jet-Dry Drying Agent, Turbo Dry Action, 6.76 Ounce (Pack of 2)October 16, 2011: I just wanted to add a PS and say that this machine works better than I could have imagined. I put gunky dishes in and let them sit two weeks and this machine cleans them up. That includes baked on Spagetti, dishes that cakes were baked in, and glasses in which I mixed protein drinks. It's a Keeper. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:23:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86095089	My husband and I purchased this dishwasher for our son's birthday. His small kitchen had no room to install a full size dishwasher, or even a roll around. This one sits on the counter top and does not take up a lot of space. Our son really enjoys this dishwasher. It is easy to hook up. He hates to do dishes, so this New Air 6 place Countertop dishwasher has turned out to be a perfect gift for him. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:37:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24516712	The only thing I am surprised about this Kitchen Aid and other Dishwashers using the same parts (whirlpool, Maytag) is that there has not been a massive recall for defective design. Our dish washer is about 3 years old. We have had to replace o the top rack adjustors 5 times now, only once under warranty.The Top Rack Adjuster has plastic posts (axles) that hold wheels that allow you to push/pull the top rack in or out of the washer along a wheel guide. In our experience, these posts  break  easily, under normal use.  The wheels then become detached from the guide, the top rack collapses downward, and the washer becomes inoperable. This is because the plastic post (axle) that attaches the rack to the pull-out guide is so poorly designed that it easily becomes damaged, and eventually breaks-off  - leaving the top rack hanging loosely above the bottom rack. As I said this leaves the dish washer inoperable because the washing arms attached to the top rack hit the dishes below and you cannot load or remove dishes from the top rack.You will see that this same design is used across many price points within a given brands, but also across brands.  Please don't put up with a large corporation producing products designed to fail after a few years to make you buy even other shoddy products from them a sort time later because of poor design and poor durability of their products.When you are shopping for a dish washer, pull-out the top rack and inspect the wheels along the sides of the rack. If they are plastic, beware. A few brands do use metal axles in their design which I would think are more durable.Anyone interested in some kind of class action? I am tired of spending $100s of dollars on products that at best last only a few years. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:37:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
63101999	We needed to replace an old Maytag dishwasher, and this one seemed like a modestly priced model from a good brand, with good online reviews so it had to work well.But it SUCKS!  Seriously and because we're a family that has lots of dishes, it pisses me off daily.  It's small inside and fits much fewer dishes than our old one.  The racks have really weird spacing, which makes inefficient use of the existing space.  All the dishes need to be in alignment with the water (due to the water saving placement) or they don't get clean at all. The drying system does not work (something that was mentioned by the install guy, but not the sales guy).  The dishes come out looking spotty and dirty...I often rerun them or wash them by hand as I take them out.EEEEKKKK! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:37:50	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47475738	My husband and I bought this after we realized that it would take some serious kitchen remodeling in order to install a dishwasher in our 1920's era home. We began looking for alternatives, and found this on Amazon. It hooked up very easily, and while it is large, it fits on our counter next to our sink. It has worked perfectly since the first time running it - no problems at all! It fits all of our dishes, even the large dinner plates.I will say that you need to rinse everything well before putting it in or you will find some stuck on bits after running the normal cycle. I also take the time to empty the hoses of water when a cycle has completed, which seems to help dry the dishwasher out more quickly, and only run it when we are home. If you are looking for a dishwasher that works exactly like an installed one, but don't have room, this is a wonderful solution! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:37:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62693538	It came in a timely fashion but once we put installed it we couldn't quite get it to work and had to call in a frigidaire specialist.  It caused quite I bit of trouble actually. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 19:37:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
71835447	For a Bosch, this should have rocked - and the price ! We have had it for 2 years and the  dishes had so much residue and I had to rewash everything. Mechanic said the thermostat was broken so it was washing in cold water, control board was off too and repair would cost half the price of the machine. Used to think this was a great brand and high quality but not anymore- yes, it is quiet but probably b/c nothing is happening inside ! I have had JennAir and GE before for 6+ years and while a little louder, it was spotless. Very disappointed with Bosch and the price / value ratio. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:19:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
87061210	Had a tough time rating this because while it worked, it worked well. Looks really nice, too. It is kind of noisy, but in my experience, dishwashers pretty much are noisy unless you buy a really high-end one. Some people had commented on the noise, but I didn't find it any worse than, well, the average regular dishwasher, but then I haven't had a dishwasher for the last 20 years (yep, I'm a renter...). It does NOT clean mugs (i.e., coffee cups) at all, but I got over that because it whips through most pots and pans, which is the stuff that I really hated washing by hand. Cleans bowls well; plates--depends--knocks the big stuff off and loosens stuck-on junk, but I still had to clean or rinse them. FYI, I have VERY HARD WATER, so that may have been a factor in the cleaning effectiveness. I recommend you turn it off (just open the door) BEFORE the drying cycle and just let everything air dry because if stuff is left on, it gets dried on. That said, it was a HUGE help with getting larger items done---I have a TINY sink--and I LOVED it while it worked. I bought the Square Trade warranty and ended up getting my purchase price back minus the cost of the warranty. (HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!) But ultimately, I wouldn't buy one again as it simply stopped working after 8 months--nothing came out clean despite the hot water clearly splashing around in there. I'm not very mechanically inclined, so I can't explain why nothing is being cleaned, but bowls, plates, pots, pans and glasses went in dirty and pretty much came out dirty--maybe not quite as dirty--like if you rinsed dirty stuff in hot water without scrubbing and without soap. I'm so disappointed because it was such a great help while it worked. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:19:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
48728978	I hate washing dishes!!!!! I live in a tiny studio apartment and had to do dishes in my bathroom sink; I wasted so much water, and it took forever! Plus, the dishes would take forever drying on the counter of my dank little bathroom; it was gross and unsanitary.I installed the dishwasher using hints from other reviews. I was sure to carefully attach the quick-release adapter, I removed all the tape from the inside, I made sure the washer was level, and i made sure that the hose drained down.I've had the washer for over three months, and it has worked perfectly with no leaks.I can fit a ton of dishes in this washer, even small pots and frying pans. I wash my dishes using the normal setting with vented dry and store brand powder dish washing solution. Everything comes out wonderfully clean and mostly dry; I crack the door when the cycle is dry and let them air dry the rest of the way (tupperware usually must be dried by hand).I have had no problem with smelliness, etc. I usually run the washer everyday, so I guess that keeps it clean.I can't tell you how great this is! My dishes are much cleaner and more sanitary, and I love not doing dishes!!!! It take 15 seconds to set up the hoses and turn on; less to detach the hoses!A++++! 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:19:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38788923	Been using this for 2 weeks now, once or twice a day. Easy to use, easy to connect, love the quick release. Most of the time I just load it right before bed and wake up to a clean kitchen. Get the all in one detergent packs for added simplicity. you do have to be a little creative loading full size dishes but as we only own 3 it is not much of a problem. In love with this machine. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:19:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20115393	We were so excited to buy this Bosch 24#34; 500 Series Built in Dishwasher August 2013.  Unfortunately, we have had nothing but problems since purchase.  We've spent weeks without the dishwasher working, waiting for parts or repairs. First, we had trouble getting it installed properly. It kept coming loose in the cabinet - attributed to bracket problems.  Then we've had problems with draining.  A pump broke.  A wheel on the bottom rack vanished and we don't put pans in the dishwasher.  We keep getting error messages - E24?? We are not sure whether to ask for a replacement or simply buy a different dishwasher altogether.  I wish we could rate the dishwasher well and give it a good rating but sadly, we cannot.  This dishwasher is not a credit to Bosch.  I miss our old reliable Maytag. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:19:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88775833	This item works as described and actually better than my built in unit. It came double boxed and well protected arrived in 3days I have been using this unit for about a month with not a single problem. I would highly recomend this unit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:31:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62303386	I used this gently in fear of it breaking on me again.  Yet the top rack broke again.  Don't buy this unless you enjoy hand washing dishes and fixing new appliances. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:31:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73090722	Our ownership of this product has been mixed. It generally cleans very well. It generally is quiet. However, it's incredibly quirky.Our old dishwasher failed a few months before we began a general kitchen renovation. We bought this unit intending to purchase new Kitchenaid appliances for the remodel. We'd use this dishwasher until we did the remodel and re-install it again later with the new kitchen.Overall, the dishwasher cleans pretty well. It does leave some spotting on glassware, but everything does come out clean with minimal pre-rinsing. It is generally very quiet. However, when it is draining the tub, it frequently has a loud rumble that's very disconcerting. Sometimes it's also impossible to select a cycle. The keypad on the door does not respond to touches and the LEDs do not light. Cycling the circuit breaker seems to resolve this problem. Some of the LEDs also don't light when a cycle is selected. For example, yesterday when I tried to select #34;Pro dry#34; the LED only lit dimly. I didn't want to go out to the garage to cycle the circuit breaker and ran it like that.The worst problem is that at the end of a cycle the bottom of the tub is full of water. Quite often the water is fairly dirty. I check the drain and it's clear. Since I can't be sure that the cycle ran correctly and that the dishes are really clean, we re-run it. It will usually work correctly the next time, especially if we choose a different cycle. However sometimes it will fail to drain the tub three or four consecutive washes. Usually in these cases, cycling the circuit breaker seems to #34;fix#34; the problem until it occurs again a few days later.We are very happy with the results of the kitchen remodeling, especially with the other appliances, which are Wolf and Subzero. We changed our minds about the appliances when we were in the design phase. But since Subzero doesn't make dishwashers and since this is a fairly expensive dishwasher, we reinstalled it.According to the Kitchenaid parts website, the electronics parts are about $400 plus another one or two hundred for a service call comes awfully close the the point where it might just make more sense to buy something more reliable than a dishwasher that fails after only two years of light usage.Cannot recommend this unit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:31:14	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28887492	I bought this dishwasher to replace a 10-year-old old KitchenAid.  I chose it over Bosch and Miele because the salesman at the reputable appliance showroom I visited said that it worked just as well and had fewer problems with odors and not drying dishes, etc.  I have high-end appliances such as Sub Zero and Dacor, but figured that the KitchenAid was not too low end for our kitchen for resale.It worked fine at first, although the top utensil rack is useless to me as it is a pain to load.  Then it started clouding some glassware to the point that I can't get it clean even by hand.  Now, less than 3 years after I bought it new and had it installed, the diverter leaked, soaking a rug in the kitchen and causing my hardwood floor to buckle.  The appliance repair person said that parts and labor for a new diverter would be $300, plus the trip charge today and taxes, totaling just over $400!!!!  That is crazy to spend $400 on a 3-year-old $700 dishwasher!  If I have to repair it again in 3 more years, then I will have spent $700 for the first 3 years of dishwashing and $400 more for every additional 3 years of dishwashing, so $1100 for 6 years, $1500 for 9 years, etc.  I think if I had bought a better brand, I would have paid more than $700 on the front end but would have ended up with a product that lasts and would have avoided repairs that are unpleasant and time-consuming to deal with.AND...the replacement diverter part will take 3-5 business days to arrive!!!!!Am between a rock and a hard place now. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:31:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
87427407	I have a fisher Paykel; double dishwasher for 5 years since my kitchen remodel. This is the biggest mistake I made in all the new kitchen appliances I purchased.1) No matter what you do, the water just get collected on the bottom. Even if you finish a wash, you get a pool of water.  Since we don't have much dishes, we just use the top, the bottom drawer started to grow these black worms.  I had to run the washer a few times to kill it.2) If you don't use the washer it breaks.  We had to replace the electrics because we didn't use it for &gt; 6 months. See issue #13) You can't control the water temp.  There is no control to set water temp in the panel.4) Not efficient. It takes a long time to do a load, event a fast load takes 56 min. regular loads takes 100+ minutes.5) Dishes does not get clean. See #3We spent a lot of money to buy this piece of junk! I wish I did my research. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:31:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	electrics broke when they weren't using it for months	false
20266430	My old kitchenaid dishwasher had a fire inside the door and as a result, Kitchenaid said they would give me a break on a new simmilar model (kuds30fxss). They installed the new dishwasher and it has been broken from the first day. The door made a popping sound when opening and closing and there was water leaking.I also found pieces of plastic in the tub. Called for service tech. He said it was a tiewrap on the insulation causing binding that was the problem. No answer on where the plastic piece came from. Still leaks and the door still didnt open correctly. Called a different tech, He found that the corner of the frame was crushed from being dropped and the hinge and frame would need replacement. This would involve dissasembling the entire dishwasher and reassembling it on a new frame! You would think that kitchenaid would just give me another new one since I paid for a new dishwasher,  not a damaged one! No, they are going to have this damaged one repaired. They gave the tech the part #'s to order and those turned out to be no longer available. Then they gave him another set of part #'s and they also are not available. In the FOUR months that this has been  going on I havent had a dishwasher. WHAT KIND OF CUSTOMER SERVICE IS THIS!!!!!!!!! I am now told that it is now being refered to the research department. No one at kitchenaid can tell me when I will have a working dishwasher. I WILL NEVER BUY A Kitchenaid/Whirlpool PRODUCT AGAIN!!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:40:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50935734	Bought TWO of these dishwashers when on sale during the holidays at Home Depot (one for our new house and one for the previous house we are putting on the market to sale).  The appliances were not actually delivered and installed until mid February 2011.  As soon as installed, this particular dishwasher left considerable amounts of food  debris on the plates, cups and silverware.  I changed detergents and also used the recommended rinse agent from day one.  It smells when it runs, takes two hours to complete a cycle - BUT that would be tolerable if it actually cleaned the dishes!!!  I finally got around to calling the LG company today (in hopes that maybe it has been installed improperly), the customer service rep with LG was very friendly and helpful - they have sent my info to a technician to come out.I told her this is the absolute WORST dishwasher I have ever seen and that it is so bad, that we are currently HAND WASHING all of our dishes because using the dishwasher is a waste of time and is disgusting and we have to end up handwashing all of the dishes anyway.  Before I got off the phone w/ the cust serv rep, I explained that we have two of these and if the tech determines there is nothing wrong with it that I fully expect for LG to stand behind their product and exchange it with another model.  She kind of gave me a bit of verbal run-around.Can be exchanged if:  A tech comes out more than 3 times for the same reason OR it is deemed in writing by the tech as a manufacturer's defect (but sounded to me as though this may put the tech in a bind for future service with LG repairwork).Absolutely DO YOURSELF A FAVOR AND DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER - it is the WORST dishwasher I have EVER used!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:40:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
83006707	I've owned this dishwasher over three months now and have only good things to say about it.  I'm going to attempt to cover all aspects on this dishwasher and address issues some people have had.This dishwasher replaced a 10 year old Whirlpool.  I had many of the same cycles on my Whirlpool as this does, except the half load cycle.  My silverware basket attached to the door, so I had plenty of room in the bottom rack for dishes and plates.  I spent almost $800 on this dishwasher at the time.I read my manual on this dishwasher over 20 times to really understand how it operates. This dishwasher operates differently and if you're not open to doing things differently; then you should probably look for a standard dishwasher with a heating element.People have complained about the lack of a heated drying cycle.  The government has mandated all dishwashers use less energy and water.  The new dishwashers won't perform the same drying action as the dishwashers of old with a heating element the size of  rebar.  One of my friends purchased a new Kitchen Aid, and she's frequently left with the tops of glassware and Tupperware or plastic ware not dry.  The key is angling items, so water runs off of them.If you have a whole house generator; you cannot use the heated dry cycle.  You can only use the air dry cycle if the generator is used.  Heating elements use a tremendous amount of energy.Always unload from bottom to top. This way any water on the upper items will not drip down onto your dry dishes below.  You have three racks in this dishwasher.  A bottom rack, top rack, and cutlery tray, or third rack, above the top rack.Make sure your dishwasher is level.  Someone had mentioned their bottom rack keeps coming off the track when they pull it out.Odor:  you MUST let the interior dry.  With no heating element the interior will remain wet or moist.  I leave a rolled up kitchen towel against the top so it's slightly open overnight or during the day while my clean dishes are in the dishwasher.  Letting the interior air dry assures no odor and 99 percent of the time all the tops of my glassware and Tupperware type containers are dry too.  It's the same principle if you've taken a cooler to the beach and left it closed or don't leave your washing machine lid or door open; you'll get odor. They have to dry out.No room for tall items or items don't fit:  This top rack of this dishwasher raises or lowers to three different positions via paddles on the sides, and has two folding tine racks on the right side; so you have plenty of space depending on what you're loading.  You can even remove this rack if you have a very tall item like huge gumbo pot in the bottom rack.  I have an 11  x 17 pan that fits fine in the bottom rack.  I also have put a 4 quart crock pot along with a 6 quart crock pot,  a thick plate, a cutting board, ramekin, and microwave cover in one picture in the bottom rack.If you have tall glasses, just lower the top rack.  You have a 9 to 10 gap between the bottom of the top tray and bottom of the cutlery tray when the rack is in the lowest position.  When the top rack is raised to the highest position; there is a  7 to 8 gap between the two trays.The cutlery tray holds about 70 pieces of cutlery.  If you don't wish to use the cutlery or flatware tray, you can always use the accompanying silverware basket that fits in the bottom tray like most conventional dishwashers.The bottom rack has two sets of tines towards the rear which fold down if you wish. A vase holder unclips, and sometimes I put it towards the side on the bottom rack to hold frying pans up. The plate holder section on the left has wider tines to allow for thick plates, and the ones on the right are closer together.Detergent and rinse agent:  You must know the hardness of your water in order to adjust the rinse aid and detergent amount used.  People are complaining about having to use rinse agent.  I find I use less detergent with this dishwasher since it uses less water, so I think it all evens out.  I have a water softener and filtration system, and have found setting the rinse aid cycle to 2, and using one tablespoon of detergent is often enough.  If you use the packaged tablets or gel packs with about 3 tablespoons worth of detergent; they can  leave residue if you don't have enough dishes in the dishwasher or they're not dirty enough.  Etching on glassware, rust and pitting on flatware will result.  Someone also complained the tablets or gel packs don't fit well.  The dispenser is angled, so if you place the packs in at an angle they fit fine.  If my dishes are very dirty, and I use a prepackaged pack; I've personally found Finish Power and Free to be the best.  It uses hydrogen peroxide and has less harmful chemicals.  I also utilize the Finish Power and Free rinse aid.  I've tried the Cascade rinse agent, regular Finish, Finish Turbo Dry, and like the Finish Power and Free rinse agent the best.Cycles: I love the half load cycle when I don't have a lot of dishes, but I've cooked up fish or cabbage and don't want the smelly dishes sitting in the dishwasher until I have a full load.  Use up to a tablespoon of liquid or powder detergent.  A tablet worth of 3 tablespoons of detergent will probably be too much.I usually use the Eco cycle because I don't want super heated water since I normally use my good china for everyday use.  China generally shouldn't be in water temperature higher than about 140 degrees.  The rinse temperature on the Bosch is 144 degrees using this cycle.**Please access the stainless steel model Bosch SHX68T55UC 800 24 Stainless Steel Semi-Integrated Dishwasher for the pictures I've posted.** 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:40:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53764054	Mine is falling apart after only 18 months.  The warranty is for 12 months.  Literally there are large chunks of the plastic that are breaking off the door, and if you fill the soap tray full it will spill out onto the counter top now ~ i.e. leak through the door seal.  It will probably need to be replaced entirely within the next 6 months.  Plan on yours lasting less than 2 years. 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:40:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46702306	As others have complained about I will add the following....in one week the following happened....three of the four cheap plastic wheel pins broke sending the top tray crashing down on the dishes below. Next, a leak on the lower right side on my new wood floors, nice. Finally the washer gave up for dead last night, a Saturday after a dinner party, when it was needed most.  Three hours of hand washing later and I'm finished.Whirlpool should be extremely embarassed by this product, but I'm sure that they aren't. They should do the right thing and pull the washer off the retail floor, send out a recall and give everyone their money back. The bashing they get will do more harm then just giving people their money back. In a nutshell, if you buy this dishwasher you have been sufficiently warned, you will waste your money. I'll go out spend $800 on a nice Bosch like I had in my other house and it will do what I need it to do without the aggravation... it will wash and wash and wash and wash.... brilliantly! 	meg13	10-22-2015 20:40:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24013328	I bought it in July, and it was great for a few months, but then it stopped completing cycles. The time display would freeze, sometimes it would stop completely, other times it would just keep going and going with the frozen time display. I'd turn it on at night, and it would still be running, with the time display stuck on one minute remaining when I woke up the next morning.  So, why a two- star review rather than a one- star? This dishwasher replaced a Kitchen-aid lemon that died after only three years. Bosch customer service is much, much better than Kitchen-aid. I've gotten a live person on the phone almost immediately every time I've called in. Service appointments were always within a couple of days of my phone call. The service guy called to let me know exactly when he'd be there and he showed up on time. He tried to fix it three times. Now that it's failed again, Bosch has said they'll replace it. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:40:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaint	false
20684142	This is not the great dishwasher I expected.  It is extremely quiet, and I do find that I can fit quite a few more plates and bowls in the lower rack, since the silverware racks are not taking up that space.  I do like the controls on the front, though I miss having a count-down timer that tells me how much time is left in the cycle.On the downside, silverware placed into the utensil rack on the top rack does not get clean.  We have to put it all in the lower rack.  I don't feel the dishes get as clean in general as with our old dishwasher, even if they are rinsed before placing them in.  We have used Finish tabs with the power ball for years, but find they don't dispense correctly in this dishwasher.  We found the partially dissolved powder streaked down the door at the end of the cycle, and dirty dishes.  The much more expensive gel pack detergent seems to work better.My biggest gripe is that the door will not stay closed.  I have to press firmly and hold it shut while I hit the start button, and even then, it often pops back open, interrupting the cycle.  This seems to be due to the trim pieces.  I am ready to remove them entirely, though my husband seems to think they protect the surrounding cabinets.Overall, would not recommend this model to a friend. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:40:43	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
1312988	I just got this from sears a couple weeks back. Took me a few hours to install because i've never installed a DW before. I replaced a 10 year old rusted out dishwasher with this. This product is amazing, it's SUPER quiet. Nice blue LED's on the front. The silverware holder on the door is a nice feature and holds more than you think. It has a stainless steel tub so it should hold up for the long run! It comes with nice advanced features as well, even has a cycle that detects the load, how soiled the dishes are, etc and adjusts the cycle for proper cleaning. I bought a 5 year squaretrade warranty just in case as well. I highly recommend this DW. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:40:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47359677	It is a really great dishwasher. Leaves dishes sparkling clean and is very quiet. The only drawback that I can think of is that it does not show remaining time. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:40:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
31714308	After using this dishwasher for the past 5 months I can tell you this is the greatest dishwasher I have ever owned.  I have always had to rinse the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher.  Basically clean them before they get cleaned.  I wanted to find a dishwasher where I didn't have to do this.  This one has exceeded my expectation by a mile.  I literally put dishes in there that as so bad that I would have to soak them in hot water first before I could clean them myself.  Food that doesn't fall off into the garbage can goes right in the dishwasher.  I have not played with all the settings but my favorite is heavy duty, sani rinse and hi temp scrub because this combination works so I keep using it.  Make sure you give the dishes enough space so that they are not touching each other.  When the cycle is done 99% of the time the dishes are spotless!!!  When I say 99% of the time this is with washing some of the dirtiest dishes you would ever put in a dishwasher.  At the same time this dishwasher is so quiet you do not even know it's running.  I suspect that the key to my success is the hi temp scrub.  This works by only using the same heating element at the bottom that is used for drying.  Other manufactures claim that that this doesn't work well and they boost their own patent technology to do this.  Let me tell you they are wrong!  When I open my dishwasher during the middle of the cycle let me tell you that inside is sizzling hot with this option turned on.  In summary if you want an all around excellent dishwasher that you don't have to clean the dishes first before using it then this is the only one you should be buying. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:40:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77070117	The first one I owned was bought off of craigslist for $50. I immediately fell in love with it! It cleans SO well, better than my mothers full sized one! I do use it in our RV where my husband has permanently installed it. So I don't know a lot when it comes to the quick connect with the faucet. I do know my husband said it wouldn't have worked with my big fancy moen faucet anyway. The used one started acting up and we decided to just go ahead and buy a new one and we have kept the other one for parts! All in all I'm extremely please with this dishwasher. It has saved me a lot of time and wrinkly hands! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:45:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26446305	I have only had this dishwasher for about a month, so I cannot say how it will hold up over time. So far, however, the machine cleans dishes well and does not leak. I suppose that's all one can hope for. The machine also connects easily to the sink (once you figure out the instructions). Of course, the hoses could and should be a lot longer. I have looked up online how to rig up extensions and will probably do that soon. Keep in mind that this machine will take up *a lot* of counter space. There is no heat drying capability, but the dishes will be fairly dry if you leave the machine closed for 20 minutes or so after it finishes. Obviously, you can then turn the machine into a drying rack by opening the door and letting nature take its course. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:45:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
65574906	the product came dented and it wasnt discovered until after the warranty period, when construction was completed- amazon was helpfiul and I did have to pay a restock charge to return, but it was worth it because it was a hassle free return. the dishwasher does a great job and my only coomplaint is that it is a bit loud. Very easy to install. Time will tell as to quality. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:45:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
66593087	I like this dishwasher for the fact that it energy efficient, cleans plates, bowls and silverware well.  It also has a sleek look and appears to be well made.  My one and only complaint and it is a big one...I keep getting spots on my glasses.  I've tried using the Finish brand soap they recommend as well as other products and I keep getting spots on my glasses.  The manual recommends that you do not pre-wash the plates because it uses the dirt  to clean them properly.  For that reason, I would give this washer a 2.5 stars because I have to rewash my glasses. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:45:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
25703151	I got this for my mom and she's been giving it praise ever since. With the limited space in her kitchen, these wasn't enough for a full-sized dishwasher. Having gotten her this has made her life so much easier. She set it up herself and had no trouble at all - which was surprising as she's not so handy with tools. The dishes come out sparkling and they get dried properly as well. It seems to be sturdy too as my mom's had it for a few months now and it's still working pretty well. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 21:45:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
49607341	I have had nothing but trouble with this dishwasher.  Just had to call for the 6th service call (in 8 years)  The fourth motor and rotor is what was going to be needed - AGAIN!  They act like it is just routine to have this many service calls.  No more - anything but that worthless brand.  Run away - far far away! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:09:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
1542470	I would rate this product zero stars if I could. I thought I was buying a quality dishwasher. The control panel on the door stopped working 13 months after purchase (about 10 months after it was installed and put into service). Neither the dealer nor Maytag would even consider repairing this product because it was out of warranty (by about one month). Ok, I paid to replace the control panel. The repairman told me he had installed replacement control panels in other dishwasher of this model, but never more than once in the same dishwasher. About a year later, the same control panel went out again, and I paid to replace it. Now move forward to today. The diswasher has been in service slightly over three and a half years. The control panel just went out again. Maytag wants to send out a repairman to fix it at my expense. They also advise me that the dishwasher is under a safety recall related to the heating element. When I was originally contacted regarding this recall, my serial number was not among those being recalled, but I guess it is now. Maytag wanted to schedule service related to the recall. I told them I don't need the recall repair on a dishwasher that I am now going to give up on and throw away. I will never purchase another Maytag product!! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:09:39	Safety Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49063765	It's a brand new washer so whats not to love. However, its a whole new tub system and it takes time to learn how to fill it up and maximize the space as it's different from our last one. You have to figure out what things can go where. It's not always just dishes. Today there are plenty of odd shaped things that can go in there and where does it fit?If you overload it it doesn't clean as well. I like that there are choices for wash cycles when needed. It's quiet as others say and you can use less soap. Once I learn how to maximize the space for different sized things it will be easier. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:09:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33293069	We needed a small countertop dishwasher for our rec room, and after a few months of use, I can say this one is working out very well.It shipped quickly, with no damage (the box was pretty tattered, but the packing material and the actual dishwasher were fine). It's large for a countertop device, certainly bigger than most microwaves. Be sure to measure your available space, especially clearance to any cabinets above your installation site.I hit some minor bumps getting it installed. The dishwasher hose nozzle is supposed to connect to your kitchen faucet using a threaded  quick-connect coupler included in the box. The coupler is supposed to screw onto the end of the faucet, but the faucet on that sink was a removeable spray handle on a long hose. There's no way for the included adapter to hook up to this, so I wound up having to install a new faucet (this isn't as bad as it sounds, as we were planning to replace the old one anyway).I brought the quick connect adapter to the hardware store with me to be sure it would fit the threads on the new faucet. Everything seemed okay in the store, but when I got home and installed the new faucet, I had some trouble. It turns out that the included adapter isn't particularly good quality, and didn't fit the faucet threads tightly enough to stay in place once the water pressure was actually turned on.I blew the hose nozzle off the end of the new faucet a couple of times until I finally went back to the hardware store and picked up an off-the-shelf adapter. Fortunately, it looks like Danby is using all standard-sized parts, so I was able to replace the flaky adapter with a new one that works well for only a couple of dollars.Once I had the thing up and running, it was easy to load and use. The basket is built to hold four full place settings, but I find that with some creative jiggering I can get it to take in any odd collection of dishes, mugs, baby cups, storage containers and what have you. The basket insert is removeable, converting it to an all-glasses tray, which we found useful for party cleanup.The machine really heats the water, so dishes come out clean. Even sticky stuff like melted cheese usually cleans right up. I've never had to use the heat-boost sanitize setting.It uses a very small amount of dishwasher soap and rinse fluid, and you want to be careful NOT to add too much. I made the mistake of overfilling the soap holder (spilled a little too much, figured it would just rinse out, oops) and wound up flooding my countertop in suds. This has only happened once and there was no damage. Call it a learning experience.I saw in some of the other reviews that the timer knob occasionally won't advance when you start running the machine, and this did happen to me once as well after I'd had it for about two weeks. It hasn't recurred since then, either becuase I've been particularly careful to set the timer in the right start position, or the timer's wearing in.Been using it steadily several times a week for a few months now, and after the initial hiccups, it's been working fine. No complaints, and now I'm looking for a Danby under-counter mini-refigerator to replace one in the same rec room. I'd recommend this dishwasher, provided you don't mind a little effort getting it dialed in. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:09:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17012496	As others have said, this dishwasher does not actually wash dishes.  Almost everything that goes in either has to be rewashed.  Once, just for fun I didn't fully rinse something before putting it in the dishwasher.  I ran the wash cycle, which is 128 minutes.  One would think over 2 hours of washing would clean something, but it didn't.  I put the same dishes through for 3 cycles, 6 hours of washing, and yet, they were still dirty.  Even if the dishwasher really did wash dishes, the racks are useless.  There is no good way to load this dishwasher.  And the bottom rack always slides all the way out, off the tracks (really there are no tracks, it just rolls on the door), and nearly onto the floor.Until I can find a better dishwasher we are stuck washing everything by hand.  I want to donate this dishwasher to Mythbusters and watch them blow it up when I get a new one.  At least then it would be good for something. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:09:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49984696	I wanted a stainless steel dishwasher for our kitchen and purchased the Ascenta because I heard good things about Bosch dishwashers. I made a big mistake. The soap dispenser does not work and the dishes never look clean. Even though this is only a year and a half old I need a new dishwasher.I give this one star only because it looks nice. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:21:04	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
43488381	Short and simple - very poor dishwasher.  Was missing a part that caused a huge leak ruining our hardwood floor - am still fighting LG on the repair costs 4 months later.  The cheap plastic wheels that are clipped on the racks break off which LG blames on operator error.  We bought an entire stainless steel kitchen from LG and while this dishwasher is the worst of the lot, I can not recommend any of them.  I only regret that there is not a zero star rating I could give them. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:21:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32606896	Very nice small countertop unit. Holds enough for two people. Only run it every few days and according to the tag it runs for peanuts. Sure beats doing dishes. Thanks Amazon!!! 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:21:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44803595	Does the job well - dishes a clean. Good value for the price. If it ran at 49 instead of 59 decibels it would be 5 stars 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:21:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
1298685	The dishwasher model I bought two years ago is no longer available.  This is very very similar and is probably its successor.  My dishwasher began leaking from the bottom corners, so I ordered a new gasket and clamps directly from Frigidaire.  I received the gasket but not the clamps so after a week or so of waiting, I called to find out what happened.  Turns out they don't make the clamps anymore (discovered after 45 minutes of menu number punching and being on hold).  The service rep suggested I google it.  Really?  I did google it, and have been unable to find the part.Frigidaire has reassured me that they will now credit me the $5.60 for the two missing clamps, now that they have become aware that they didn't actually fill my order.  What am I supposed to do about the $700+ useless 2 year old dishwasher I can't fix because they no longer make a $2.80 part?I would not buy from Frigidaire again.  Ever.UPDATE:  I have found the part through repairclinic.com and will be able to fix. 	Jsargent	10-22-2015 22:21:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
59942946	As a husband and father of a 2 and half year old, I love to cook and really hate washing dishes.  As soon a our tax returns came in this year, we resolved to purchase  a dishwasher.  Living in a New York Co-Op this dishwasher makes you slap yourself in the face and wonder what took you so long to purchase it.  I have gone from hating to wash dishes to now I literally comb the house to find a reason to use this thing.  Outside of the hose dispensing the dirty water, this thing is quite (the kitchen is next to my daughters room and runs as she sleeps).  Before our dishes piled up because my wife and I were so exhausted from work and having an energetic 2 year old to come home to.  Now dishes are an after thought.  Get this thing... 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:17:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25470681	After reading the negative reviews I was skeptical about this purchase.  However, have been using it daily without any problems or incidents.  Some reviews said it was exceptionally loud or noisy, however, compared to the previously owned, locally bought, more expensive portable dishwasher (that broke down with the same problem x 3), this appliance is so much quieter!  The only complaint is the long wash cycle, but hey, since I don't have to manually was the dishes, who cares!  The quality is good and washes the dishes great.  I would recommend to others.  A great price! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:17:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
75066603	I bought this unit from Home Depot; doesn't look like they carry it anymore. . . wonder why.  Worked fine for three years and then Error 03- Wash Pump failed.  Had the motor replaced by a well respected appliance repair service company in the San Francisco Bay Area for $300.  Worked fine for a couple of weeks.  Now, Error 01- water under tub.  I did a very compulsive installation on this washer and hard wired the unit into a dedicated circuit.  Now I have to disassemble everything to check for a leak.  If there's not an obvious fix (e.g., loose hose connection) the thing is going in the trash.As someone said, no company or product is perfect and things break.  But based on my experience and that of others, this product is a lemon.  I only wish I had seen the Amazon reviews before I made the purchase.  Not sure why it is still offered by Amazon.com. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:17:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
35006720	I really like how simple this is to use the only problem I have is that my large plates don't fit very well into it. I say large but I feel like they are regular dinner plate size. I have had two different sets of plates and both were the same way.UpdateAbout 6 months after having this and cleaning it according to the instructions it stopped working. I wasn't hard on it either. It was a single person dirty dishes cleaned once a week. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:17:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53104226	We purchased this dishwasher new, having owned a Bosch for 6 years prior to selling our home and having to leave it with the new owners. It was such a great machine I went ahead and purchased another Bosch. BIG MISTAKE. The machine didn't clean right from the beginning- things stunk like rotten eggs. I would clean the filter basket and still have residue on the dishes and glasses.Then it would just sit on 1 minute and keep running and running. Repair came out 1 week after calling for service (only Bosch repair within 75 miles) and the repair guy says he thinks it's the power board and that it's burned out. 7-10 days for a new one to get to him then I have to make another appointment.Nope- not going to happen. Luckily Lowes Home Improvements said they would exchange it for another brand of my choosing plus the cost difference. We're taking out and taking it back- for something other than a Bosch. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:17:36	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86618077	Classy look with controls on front not top. Child Lock out and simple controls make it easy to run.  May not dry dishes as fast machines but be sure to use a rinse aid. the manufacturer says this will help. My dishes are sparkling clean and well rinsed, even crusted ones.  Machine performs as advertised.  A big plus is the adjustable top rack which is easy to change accommodating a large pot or pitcher on bottom rack or tall stem ware on top. It is a VERY quiet machine.  Many great features for the price.  Price varies enormously, but watch out for other websites that offer a much lower price, but shipping/handling or in store delivery charge will make a hugh difference EVEN if you pick it up.  Installation is straightforward. IF YOU DO THE INSTALLATION YOURSELF:  Follow the installation manual! Samsung does not provide an essential fitting (an elbow) required to attach the washer to water source and they do not provide a hose clamp for the DRAIN HOSE.  Both of these parts are readily available and the size may depend on your particular installation.  NO strain relief device is available for running the power cord into the washers electrical box hook-up.  You may need to consider  purchasing one of those as well. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:23:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64255838	The worst dishwasher I have EVER used! I have never met a dishwasher that I could not work with until this one. The rack design is so poor that it is impossible to arrange items in either the top or the bottom. The bent shape of the bottom rack prongs prevents large flat items like cutting boards from being inserted. The back half of the top rack sides are metal --METAL!! With sharp edges no less!! So you cannot put anything in those areas that will get damaged by rubbing against metal -- like glassware. The top rack has no prongs in the center so bowls and bakeware that you are trying to stack against each other WILL NOT stay in place. I could go on but to sum it up -- this is one terrible dishwasher. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:23:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	design flaws	false
6596583	Quiet possibly the best purchase I have made for my apartment!After reading all the reviews I could find, some being negative, but most being positive, I decided to make the purchase. I'd have to agree with the positive reviewers after two months of using this machine.The machine seems pretty solidly built. The quick release hose connection is simple to install and easy to use and tuck away when not in use.Some reviews have mentioned that you cannot use your sink while the dishwasher is in use. You can turn off the machine in mid cycle and use the sink for whatever you need and then put the hose back on and turn the machine back on. Simple!The manual is pretty short and somewhat hard to figure things out. Here is some useful information I have learned so far.1. The machine has a pre-rinse cycle and 2 wash cycles. You only need to use the pre-rinse cycle for heavily soiled dishes, or if you have dirty dishes inside that you don't intend to wash for more than a day (I don't use this cycle). You should run the pre-rinse cycle if the soiled dishes will sit in the dishwasher for more than a day.  There are two places to add detergent, an indent in the door for the first cycle, and a closed compartment for the second wash cycle. If you are only going to wash glasses on a short cycle then just put detergent in the closed comparment. If you use both wash cycles then you should put a teaspoon of detergent in both places.2. There is no true drying cycle - as others have stated in thier reviews, crack the door open to let the steam out after the cycles have completed and the dishes will dry faster. Also Jet Dry helps to dry dishes faster and leave them spotless.3. Before connecting the quick release hose, run your tap water to get it hot. Use the sani-wash feature to get the water extra hot and to help dry the dishes faster.4. As with ANY dishwasher, don't think that you can just put filthy dishes with food remnants in there and expect it to get clean, take a second or two and wipe the food off the dishes or give them a quick rinse... you'll have cleaner dishes and you will extend the life of your dishwasher.5. Clean the metal filter regularly, just take it out and wipe it off. Again, you'll have cleaner dishes and you will extend the life of the washer.6. Use the recommended amount of detergent 1 tsp per wash cycle.You don't need any more than that, too much detergent can shorten the life of the pump.That's about all I can think of for now, I love this dishwasher it is well worth the money and probably saves me money in the long run doing dishes manually. This machine only uses about a gallon and a half of water, which is far much less than the amount I would use doing dishes manually. Also I have not noticed much of a change in my electric bill.My lease states that I am not allowed to have a dishwasher (don't tell my landlord). However if the landlord ever needs to get in my apartment, I can easily store this in my closet.. although he may think it is a microwave anyway.If this machine dies I will buy another.... This saves me 20 minutes a day of my time. I love it and it gets the dishes sparkling clean! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:23:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29909008	Since my children have all moved out married and have children of their own it's now only my husband and I. To be honest we both HATE doing dishes!!  This dishwasher is perfect for the 2 of us. It does an excellent job of cleaning my dishes and to be honest I was a bit surprised at the amazing job it does.  For the price I honestly wasn't expecting much but I am extremely happy with this product. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:23:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45980438	Originally purchased in late 2009, so we have some run time on these appliances.  This is the worst dishwasher we have ever owned.  Looked great and our expectations were high.  We've owned Whirlpool, GE, KitchenAid, and Maytag over the years. The Samsung does not get the dishes clean. The rack started deteriorating after two years. The silverware falls through the bottom of the basket and damages the wash arm (cut holes from knives or forks). The rollers constantly come off the racks.  We essentially need to rinse the dishes near-clean before putting them into the machine. The refrigerator, oven, and microwave we bought as a package are just as bad.  The microwave sounds like it is vibrating to pieces, the dutch door refrigerator has pieces breaking off (especially the freezer), and the actual oven temperature does not match the control setting.  I could go on and on.  I am so sorry we did not buy a US brand this time.  The best dishwasher we owned was a Whirlpool and we are are going back.  Do not be lulled into buying Samsung.  The US brands like Whirlpool and Maytag, while not as flashy, still work better and last longer. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:23:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46909197	Very flimsy, plastic parts on the interior, particularly connecting the rack to the rails that slide in an out.  The rack is connected with thin, plastic parts that snap off in short order, making the rack unusable.  Kitchen Aid promotes a 5 year warranty on the racks, but when these flimsy parts fail, Kitchen Aid says they are not part of the rack, but rather part of the arm, and therefore not covered by the warranty.  Kitchen Aid used to have a reputation for quality and reliability.  This product is a piece of junk.  Stay away. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:27:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32206653	This model doesn't dry at all (yes we use heated dry and rinse aid)!  Everything is soaking wet after running a load.  I understand it's energy saving but I would rather spend another nickel on electric and not have to dry an entire load of dishes with a dish rag.  Cycles are ridiculously long and although machine is not loud, it's far, far from quiet!  Racks are counter-intuitive.  Top rack is hard to load and doesn't fit much.  Cleaning is just okay - but doesn't offset all the negatives i mentioned.  We've had this machine only 6 months and already we are looking for a new dishwasher that's quiet and actually dries the dishes. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:27:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77063361	I bought this in the fall of 2012 and have been using it ever since.  I HATE washing dishes, and have been living in small apartments with no dishwashers for years.  I finally decided to just go for it and buy this little dishwasher.  I'm so glad I did!  It was dead easy to set up and does a great job--I think it might be the best dishwasher I have ever used.  I've put all sorts of messy things in it, and everything comes out spotless.  You DO have to be careful not to obstruct the washer arm at the bottom of the dishwasher, but otherwise, it works like a charm.  Occasionally, it seems to work less effectively, but if you dismantle the filter at the bottom of the dishwasher (easy to do, no tools needed), and wash all the pieces out well, the efficiency goes right back up to where it was when you bought it. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:27:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
633609	Can't you feel the smile on my face?? This little machine is absolutely perfect for me as I am a renter and do't have oodles of space. I can just park it in a corner when not being used. It is really nice and quiet (a plus) and has a Stainless steel interior. The normal cycle ran for about 2.5 hours and the dishes are nice and clean. Love it! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:27:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68709716	I just upgraded to this dishwasher from the counter top model both from danby. Danby's products are outstanding. The dishes are always spotless and moving this dishwasher up to the sink is a breeze. The cords retract nicely and it serves as an additional counter top. Lots of features and if you have a Pur water filter attached to the sink the adapter fits right on. No problems fantasrtic machine, I highly recommend this product. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:27:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66416530	We've had our unit for 18 months. 3 months after it arrived my wife noticed our dishes we're not clean. Service call required to clean jets. Last week the motor died. This is a 200.00 repair. And I would have to say no one in the family is happy with the way the dishwasher loads. The things seem shoddy and poorly designed.Find something with a better warranty.Tom Morris 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:29:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55684229	I got mine last night. Hooks up easy. I didn't even need the manual. Such a guy. The unit was delivered all dented up. not just one one side but both side. I doubt this is the target issue. perhaps a ups issue. anyway target has a great policy. i am just ordering a replacement and can take my dented one to a local target. yippy for that.ok. on the facet hookup there is a red button you push to relieve pressure so you can remove the quick disconnect. inside that red button is a rubber washer. my rubber washer is torn and when I have the water turned on. there is water bypass. this would become a expensive issue if I wasn't getting a replacement. having a water leak for 30 to 40 min might add up  real quick in water bills and hot water.I plan on plumbing mine anyway so that wouldn't be an issue. finding the attachments are easy at the hardware store. not sure what the other user was talking about. the connections seems standard enough to me. and you can hook the drain to the garbage disposal if you want like me and then just get a T for your hot water line.if you do it my way or another way. to get best results. turn hot water on until water is very hot like the book says. then connect unit and start cycle. with plumbed. turn hot water on until very hot. then start unit. the little bit of water in the line won't matter much. but if your house is like mine. it takes about 2 min to get the water hot. and 2 min worth of water pretty much would fill this machine. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:29:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	No Complaint	Yes		false
15163797	We have had this dishwasher since 2/4/2010 and thank goodness we bought the extended warranty from Lowes.  I have become friends with the service repairman.  At last count, he has been at our house five time.  It would clean dishes properly, it has overflowed and now the pump doesn't pump water...it sort of steams' the dishes.  #fail. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:29:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the other component fails that have caused these complaints	false
28461184	Bought it used, works great.Window  ended up leaking, fixed it with high-temp water proof caulkAll in all its amazing and does the job. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:29:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
52555740	I don't know why so many people rated this a 5 star.  It certainly was not worth $400 for 6 months of use.  I can only guess that those 5 star people have only had the machine a short time because mine worked fine at first.  However, within 6 months this is what started happening per my previous review: It washes almost nothing on the top rack or the silverware.  It doesn't go into the last cycle and leaves water standing in the bottom.  The soap compartment also doesn't open on a regular basis.  So disappointing! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:29:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67616125	We bought ours in 2008 and it is by far the easiest to load, quietest, most versatile in design and trouble free dishwasher I have ever owned!  We just bought a new home and the ONLY appliance I plan to replace immediately is the dishwasher, with a Miele of course!  I was shocked when I read the other reviews. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88381873	Does not have bells and whistles, but for the price, it is fair. I find only one issue. Opening the door requires pulling hard the handle and since it is plastic and thin, the expectation is that someone eventually can break it. I bought the warrantee just in case. In addition it took 11 days from the time I ordered until it arrived home. The deliver timing was awful considering that shipping was paid and not included in Amazon prime. My contractors waited forever to install it. It arrived two days beyond the max scheduled time promised. The delivery was a joke. Several times the tracking record indicated #34;out for delivery#34; and I missed work to wait for a package that in the last hour was postponed.For these reasons and the overal experience of waiting I gave it three stars. Note that it works as expected and meets its purpose. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:34:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84771857	I've had this dishwasher for a year now, and I've had all sorts of problems with it.  Like the others said, it doesn't clean that well.  I have to put it on the longest cycle every time (over 3 hrs) hoping that it will work.  The water doesn't get up in the glasses on the top rack.  Gross.  My 1-year warranty just expired, and of course it just now started making a terrible screechy noise at certain stages in the cycle.  Seriously?  A one-year old dishwasher that I paid $700 for!??  I paid more hoping to avoid these stupid issues.Another thing that I HATE about this dishwasher is the lock feature.  I have a 1-year-old who loves to push the buttons  turn it on.  I didn't pay the extra $100 to get the model that has the buttons hidden on the top, because I just assumed I would lock it.  Well, you can put the child lock on, but it is digital. Once it has been on for 15-min w/no action, it automatically switches off, and thus no more lock.  I'm constantly turning on that lock through out the day,  I wish it would JUST STAY ON!  Annoying.Another problem w/this dishwasher are the brackets that you install it with.  They keep breaking, so the dishwasher is tipping over when you have the door open  the racks pulled out.  I've had 2 different professionals try to install it properly, and now the brackets have come off, YET AGAIN!  It shouldn't be that hard!  It's definitely the design.TRY SOMETHING ELSE!  DON'T GO WITH THIS DISHWASHER! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:34:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43859013	I was expecting it to wash a bit better based on brand and design. It seems to fall a little short in that area, and find ourselves running some of the dishes through the machine for an additional cycle. Somewhat quiet, but overall just an ok buy rating. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
32688535	This is my third dishwasher and my best ever. When I was looking to replace my old Kenmore, I found that most current models have new features that are actually more accurately described as the lack of features that used to be on older dishwashers. Here are my thoughts on this model:* I put in casseroles with baked-on, burnt food and they still come out spotless.  Glassware also comes out spotless if you use a rinse aid.  Absolutely amazing, I could not be happier.* Very few dishwashers today have front panel controls, most are on the top edge that is hidden while the dishwasher is running.  The compensating factor on this model, unlike most others, is a small running light on the front panel that is blue during the washing cycle, red during the drying cycle, and green if entirely done.  With these hidden controls, it is very easy to rub up against them when the door is open and change the cycle inadvertently, so you need to be careful.* Most dishwashers with hidden controls have bow handles.  This is nice for hanging a dish towel, but also something to bang your hip on.  This model has a pocket handle, which I strongly prefer.*  I wanted a dishwasher that was as quiet as my old one, but this one is so quiet that I cannot hear it run at all, even with my ear to it.  This makes that running light even more important.* Like almost all current models, this dishwasher has the triple filtration system instead of the food grinder.  I really thought that I would hate that feature but it actually is ok as long as you scrape (rinsing not required) the big pieces of food off the plates before you load them.  If large, non-dissoluble food particles are left on the plates, then they will be found caught in the top of the filter or found at the bottom of the dishwasher, to be washed in perpetuity until you remove them. The filter is in a convenient location and is easy to untwist and rinse every few weeks.  Scrape and you will be happy.* Where older model dishwashers automatically dried the dishes with heat, the default on most current models is to dry without heat or even fan.  This model has a Pro-Heat option, which I almost always use because plastics some out wet otherwise.  I would not buy a dishwasher without it.* This dishwasher has a Rinse Hold cycle, which is useful when you only run the dishwasher a few times a week.  After you run this cycle, the running light will be green, so you will have to remember that you did a rinse only versus a full wash.  Very few models have this cycle anymore.* In addition to the above cycles, this dishwasher has many different cycles and options, and I find that I do use many of them depending on my washing needs.  Like most new models, the running time is really long, sometimes more than three hours.  However, this model has a one-hour cycle when you are in a hurry.* The top cutlery rack is great.  I can still fit tall glasses underneath it on the top rack, although it can be easily removed if more space is needed.  If ever there is anything that does not come perfectly clean, it is usually the top of items on the cutlery rack, because there is a very small washer arm above it.  With that said, I still use it all the time and most of the time everything comes out perfectly.* The racks on current model dishwashers are all extremely flimsy compared to older models.  The racks on Bosch dishwashers were so bad that I would not even consider that brand. The satin glide racks on this model roll better than most and were a major selling point for me. Be careful not to bend the tines by forcing in dishes, because over time, it looks like they could break off.  This model comes with a silverware basket that runs the entire length of the right side of the bottom rack, as well as a small basket for gadgets.  The larger basket takes up too much space, but since it is actually two pieces hooked together, I unhooked them and use only one basket.  This is more than sufficient, and frees up more space for dishes.  The silverware separator covers are worthless and can be removed.  There are fold down tines on both the bottom and top racks which help maximize space usage.Would I recommend this model to a friend?  Without any doubt!!!!  It is expensive, but well worth the money.  With that said, I intend on purchasing the extended warranty because with all of the electronics, there are more things that could go wrong over time. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:34:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Some design flaws	false
36569369	I purchased this machine a few years ago when I remodeled my kitchen. Also bought an Elite fridge that is terrific.I had Sears Kenmore washer/dryer for 25 years that was fantastic. That's why I bought the dishwasher.The dishwasher was a disappointment from the first week I used it. It kept popping open during cycles. I had the repairman out three times within three months - replaced the integrated control panel and latch - and it continues to pop open three years later. I figured out that if I lean against it during the early cycles, there's a better chance the door will stay closed, but no guarantee.It cleaned well up until a month ago (as long as the door stayed shut). Then the dishes/glasses were coming out dirty and I had to hand wash everything after going through the dishwasher. I went to a local Sears store, told the salesperson what was going on and I was told it was probably a pump motor problem...$350 to repair, plus the $110 house call. So, I am dumping the thing and purchased a Whirlpool Gold over the weekend, which had very high ratings from Amazon.This is the WORST appliance I have ever owned and am unlikely to ever purchase a Kenmore product again. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:35:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74455080	I recently moved out of my parents house im a college student and im 21. The apartment i got didnt have a dishwasher i was freaking out. Saw this bought it and it got here the other day. It seems to work fine the instruction booklet doesnt have much information. My apartment is in a small 8 person unit so the water heater is not very big so i have no idea how well my dishes are being washed. Based on what the instruction booklet said #34;turn water on full blast#34; i assumed just cold and it heated it up.... The chart showing the temperatures that go with each mode only made me think that was the case... How can each mode have a specific tempt when it doesnt heat it?Things to know.USE HOT WATER 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:35:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
71467492	After a lot of research into 18 dishwasher options, we went with the Danby Designer 18. It got better reviews than most of the name brands we were familiar with and it was a heck of a lot cheaper too!Our install was a breeze (of course, we had a plumber do it - he commented on what a nice unit it was too, with the built in water softener option), and dishes come out clean and spotless!Others have commented on the long cycle time - yes, normal cycle is over two hours long, but we haven't had to use that cycle in order to get dishes clean  - the rapid cycle of 35 minutes seems to get everything clean for us, glasses, bowls, etc. I'm sure when we have more heavy duty cleanup required, we'll use some of the other cycles, but either way, it works great.If you are short on space, I highly recommend this unit!****edited 7/21*****We've had this unit for just over three months and we're now receiving an error code (E1) which is preventing the unit from completing the cycle. It's been nearly two weeks of dealing with Danby customer service to try to get a technician out to our home under warranty. First, they had me call some authorized service depots in our area, all of which told me they don't service Danby unless I bought it from them, then they said they'd dispatch a technician to me, but that request was cancelled by dispatch since there were adequate options for service depots in my area. Getting a little frustrated!!! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:35:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52911109	Firstly, Samsung has refunded me the cost of the dishwasher plus installation cost after three service calls! The dishwasher had too many electronic type failures to ever evaluate its ability to clean. I bought it at Lowe's but now it seems Lowe's does not carry Samsung dishwashers anymore.....wonder why:)DMT400RHB Samsung 24 Energy Star Dishwasher - Black 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:35:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the components that are causing these complaints	false
29579409	Have had this dishwasher for four months now and keep hoping that it is better than I think it is, but I have finally accepted the fact that I don't like it.  For the high price, I just expect more - like clean dishes and soap-free dishes.  i give it the exact soap recommended.  I run my water to be certain it is hot prior to starting the dishwasher.  By the way, neither of those things did I ever have to do with other and let me say cheaper, machines.  None of this helps, dishes are not 100% clean and I have soap residue remaining.  I have had better results from way cheaper machines.  I also knew that stainless steel would be a maintenance item, but this is a dishwasher - you're going to have water around it, right?  Keeping the water spots off it is frustrating.  Huge disappointment - I would not recommend buying this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:35:59	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More information about the components that are causing these issues	false
62447166	Had the dishwasher installed for a year. Used once a week and not abused. The control panel went out and KitchenAid will not repair said out of warranty. If it goes out with little use can you imagine if you really used it. KitchenAid customer service is no help either. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:40:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55588652	Pools of water in dishwasher, items come out spotted and wet, and if not used daily then it begins to smell and mold begains to grow.  Service guy has been out and on the phone with Maytag tech which told him that is the way the dishwasher is suppose to work.  Our service guy is just as discussed as I am.  Maytag tells us that they do not have a replacement policy so now I have spent close to $700 on a dishwasher that does not work and is a health hazard!!!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:40:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Mold is a health concern	false
53939743	2.5 years from new, HE error indicating sump heater problem: replaced heater element, failed again. All indications are main control unit (PCB) may be faulty, which will result in another $200 outlay, plus another $40 heating element. If this appliance had delivered ten years of faultless service, I might be more forgiving, but if our experience is an indication of reality, run/don't walk away from this POS. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:40:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20879017	Installation instructions and operator's manual were fine. Runs quietly and gets the dishes clean. Needed this for a small kitchen in a house I was rehabbing. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:40:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33529761	I am a 73-year-old divorced Male now living in an apartment. The dishes kept piling up in my sink because I have such a dislike for washing dishes. I even ended up using paper plates and plastic utensils  from time to time because I just didn't want to be bothered washing dishes.I ordered this dishwasher from Amazon and have not looked back since. It does a fantastic job cleaning even heavily soiled dishes.  It's so quiet that every now and again I would check to make sure is actually running and that's A big plus.  I heartily recommend this dishwasher for anyone who is looking to have clean dishes whenever they want them or whenever they need them.  I promise you that you will not be sorry you did.I forgot to mention in addition the dishes and glassware, it also does an excellent job with pots pans skillet etc. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:40:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88056981	I recently purchased a Koldfront Countertop Portable Dishwasher to replace my old, broken full-size portable dishwasher and I couldn't be more satisfied.  Our family is gradually down-sizing and this is the perfect size dishwasher for us as a three person family.  It holds a day's worth of dishes and silverware and does an excellant job of cleaning.  It's super quiet while running and has a timer that goes off when the cleaning cycle is complete.  I purchased a black model and it blends seamlessly with my other kitchen appliances.  Delivery was quick and on time and set up was a breeze, especially easy as I am familiar with portable dishwasher hook up.  My house is quite old and the kitchen has limited counter space so no room for a built-in dishwasher.  The Koldfront is the perfect size for small kitchens in older homes or apartments, easily fit on top of a microwave cart.  I would recommend this product to anyone with limited space who hates to wash dishes!!!! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:43:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23037501	I got tired of washing dishes by hand so I bought this thing and so far I like it alot. There are a few things that don't fit (large cookie sheet, a really big saute pan and my pizza cutting board) but everything else fits nicely. This dishwasher gets my dishes sparkling clean everytime. I am completely satisfied with this unit. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:43:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82037388	This little thing can really clean some dishes. It cleans just as well or better than a full-size dishwasher. I love that this unit is all stainless inside as well. We did not notice any difference in our utilities and we run it 1-2 times per day.The only thing to note is most dinner plates will not fit. We use our smaller plates much more often then the full-size dinner plates and they fit just fine, they're about 6#34;.I wish I would have bought this unit sooner! 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:43:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	dishes don't fit well	false
81588920	Hi all, I LOVED this, I bought it back in July direct from Haier and it died in August. It has been at a service center (and still is now it's December) and after MONTHS of haggling with Haier and being told the parts are on back order they are finally shipping a new one.  I'm suppose to recieve it this Thursday Dec 11th and I'm not holding my breath.  Haier customer service was unreal and just awful.  The only reason why I was able to get them to send me another one was because I found it online here and on Wal-mart.com.  I couldn't understand how I could buy it in have it in a day and they were making me wait over 4 months for parts, espcially when it was it was brand new when it died.  Just be careful! It shorted out but it is cool.  Haier customer service WAS THE PITS! Thumbs DOWN 100% to them! BOoooooooo!!!  -James Bishop, Manchester VT. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:43:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Customer service complaint too	false
19302949	HDT 18PA -It has changed our life. Pefect for NY apartment living. We have had absolutely no problems with this machine it was so easy to set up, the instruction manual clearly indicates all the steps necessary. The hardest part was getting the cap off our own faucet to screw on the special locking attachment. All the hoses come attached. Just remove all the bright red tape inside that keeps moving parts from moving while shipping as the manual clearly indicates in 7 languages, Buy some cascade Plug it into the wall, put the drain hose in the sink, Snap the intake hose on to your faucet head, Turn on the HOT water and push the on button and selct your wash level in 23 minutes for a normal wash with dry cycle you will have squeaky clean glasses. (your water must reach 120 degrees for proper cleaning and it helps if the machine doesn't have to start from cold.)  Steam will be released from the back of the machine through the vent during the dry cycle so you should leave a ventilation space between the wall and it, some people will think the collected condensation is a leak I keep a towel back there. It holds so much more than advertised I can really pack it in and it all comes out clean. Of course if you burnt something in a pot you should give it a scrub before you put it in but no machine can help a bad cook. You do lose counter space since its a gravity drain and not a pump and its too heavy at 47  pounds to move around, so it should sit next to the sink; if you put it on a rolling cart make sure the platform of your cart is atleast as high as your counter or higher otherwise the water will backup and flood. I consider the loss of counter space no big deal since that spot either always had dishes waiting to be washed or clean and drying in the rack. It takes up no more space the drying rack did. It is very quiet, my refridgerator and air conditioner makes more noise. It has brought joy and freedom to our evenings I never have dishes or pots waiting in my sink anymore everything goes right in. 	meg13	10-22-2015 23:43:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24262783	After browsing c-list and retail stores for used portable dishwashers and finding little, I went to Amazon. I was on tenterhooks waiting for this thing to arrive. When it came, I was impressed. This dishwasher is really affordable relative to its peers. Looks good in my kitchen, easy to load, easy to use.Pros:* Best-looking exterior around.* Small footprint.* Comes with everything you need to hook it up.* Easy to move.* Haven't seen a less-than-sparkling dish come out yet.* Makes good use of its limited capacity.Cons:* Can't fit much.* Takes a special faucet head - had to give up my spray nozzle.* Bottom tray is not attached to the dishwasher.I wouldn't change my mind, given the opportunity. This dishwasher has made my life easier. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:46:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
19206216	I previously owned a low end full size dishwasher and this counter top model blows my other dishwasher out of the water. This dishwasher is very quiet, looks to be well built, and cleans very well. I was surprised how hot the water gets inside when I opened it directly after a wash cycle. I would definitely recommend this product!! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:46:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15028076	I want to suggest any potential buyer to stay away from this washer.  It is a crap.  I agree that it washes very well, but the drying capability is handicapped(does not dry the plates completely) and the worst part!  It failed to work after only 2 month of normal usages.  One day it just stopped working, and I am trying to contact the customer support right now, and it appears that the people answering the phone is in India and I have to wait for someone else to call me back in US.  Not sure how long it will take....  Wish me good luck! and for thouse of you who has not yet purchased this washer, STAY AWAY! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:46:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
26451937	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 20-year-old GE builder-grade model. While this dishwasher is much quieter and far better looking, it simply doesn't get the dishes clean or dry! More often than not, we have to re-wash at least some of the dishes or utensils, even after rinsing them before putting them in the dishwasher. We never had to rinse anything with our old dishwasher. We have to load the utensils with the handles down or they definitely won't get clean - and tougher food such as jelly still doesn't come off. This dishwasher holds lots of dishes, but it doesn't do much good if they don't come clean. I don't know how it compares to other newer models of dishwasher, but it can't compete with our old one! 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:46:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
30517120	I despise washing dishes by hand. Thought it was great I had the $ to buy this and was excited for it to come, knowing I'd never have to wash a dish by hand or be w/o a dishwasher again!!!As for quality and happiness with product? Ehhh. Often while I was maneuvering things around to try and fit a decent size load in w/o feeling like I was just wasting a ton of water, or opening it just to see everything had bits of food debris stuck over everything and having to reclose and start again, I thought is this really worth it? I could have hand-washed this load in 5 minutes and not wasted all this water, actually had them SPARKLING clean, not felt so guiltily LAZY, and spent my 200 bucks on something funner.That said, when the house is dirty and I don't feel much like cleaning and speed-clean just to make my house look tidy, it's been nice to throw a load in and press start, know that they are cleaning, and my house looks good.*Side-notes: It does leak water down the drain from spout often, even tho new. Again, enviromentally concience: waste of water. And be prepared to wash EVERY speck of food OFF COMPLETELY if you want them to come out perfectly clean the first time through. Also, newer large sized plates do not fit straight up and down, you have to angle them, making you not able to fit as much. 	ctress10	10-22-2015 23:46:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17244797	Never had a dish washier before but this thing is really quiet, and I like that it can be set to run over night. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:02:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39568574	I never heard of this brand but still want to have a try. And it never works well and now stop working completely. You can't get any worse dishwasher than this. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:02:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing the complaints	false
37265753	granted its hard to find a product that pleases everyone.  Bought exact same from BEST BUY for $899 stainless Steel.  works flawlessly. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:02:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25963903	This review regards this line of dishwashers (we've had 3 in the series).  We built our house 10 years ago.  In that time, we've replaced our Kitchenaid dishwasher 3 times.  All last about 3-4 years.  We always pay more than $1000 for the high-end model.  The build quality on these is pretty poor.  Even with 3 replacements, we've had each of them repaired once or twice.  Pumps, motors, rails, leaks, door counterweights, you name it.  We've spent over $5000 in the 10 years we've wrestled with these.  Don't ask me why we've been so loyal.  I think it's because each time we replace one, the Kitchenaid is on sale, or it has the best user experience, or whatever.  At this point, I'm not just unlucky.  These machines are designed to fail in 4-5 years.  Or, they are designed with incompetence. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:02:53	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
73710539	This diswasher is amazing.  It has a built-in water softener which makes a big differnce in how clean my dishes come out.  It is virtually silent.  The top rack is easily adjustible up or down.  It has 8 rows of prongs.  Six of the eight fold down to accomodate cooking pots and pans.  I can load so much more in this dishwasher,  It is very well designed and has multiple settings such as half load run, express wash (30 min), auto run (adjusts run time based on soil level of dishes). 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:02:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28512738	shipped in two days, but after opening the box noticed the sick adopter was broken. emailed the company and they sent out a new adoptor with in the week.  hooked it all up and it works great. cycle time is a bit long, but it's super quite.  (tip: turn on hot water and let it run hot before connecting dish washer before each wash.) 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:06:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
55699532	I use it since 01/15/2010. I can't imagine living without it. We use it once or twice daily. After a few months of use I had to call to Maytag because rinse aid dispenser stopped working. They send in the technician in couple days and it was fixed in 30 min. No problems since then.It gets very hot, but it must be hot. That's why all dishes are so sparkly clean after the cycle. Love this machine. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:06:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34614801	When we were searching for a new dishwasher, quiet was HIGH on my priority. This unit has a red light that shines on the floor to let you know its running---that's the good part.Now for what I don't like: the salesman at Lowe's said to put casserole dishes with baked food on them and they come out sparkling--NOT TRUE; however we do rinse the food from the plates and pots so it does pretty well. Bosch recommends not cleaning the dishes but we don't run the dishwasher everyday. I don't want to attract roaches and/or rats so we rinse. Secondly, the old Whirlpool we had dried the dishes completely due to the heating element in the bottom of the dishwasher--the Bosch uses forced air leaving water pools in the slightest crevice. Thirdly, the beautiful stainless steel interior looks great for the first month or so, then it turns milky and streaked--my cheap Whirlpool looked great until we sold it. Lastly, we experience a foul odor AFTER the dishes are washed--like I said, we clean all the food BEFORE we load the dishwasher. Overall, I'm pretty disappointed in this $900 dishwasher but it is QUIET!! Don't recommend buying Bosch dishwashers. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:06:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the specific component that caused these complaints	false
78661973	Put into a house that's for sale. Don't know how well it works, but it fit in the spot and appears to have quite a bit of space considering it's small size. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:06:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	More information can be provided	false
41451830	WARNING!!! DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER!!!  No matter what your told, this BOSH dishwasher develops a terrible smell over the course of 2-3 days PERIOD!!! Bosch will tell you to use the approved tables, rinse agent and cycle the dishwasher without anything from time to time but DO NOT listen.  I've tried absolutely everything and there is NO way to get rid of this smell. buyer BEWARE!!! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:06:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes	More information about the component defects about the smell	false
16137746	The dishwasher is quiet gets relatively easy to clean dishes cleaner.  That is the reason I am giving this two rather than one star.  For more difficult dishes, such as baby bottles, it does a worse job than the 25 year old dishwasher it replaced.  It also does not dry the tops of flat bottomed cups placed upside down in the top rack.  The dishwasher deserves a two, but the shopping experience I had deserves even less.  I was lured in by the #34;Free Installation#34; at big box store #34;L#34;.  I found out during the purchase that it is not free at all but a rebate.  And not a rebate check, but a store #34;L#34; gift card for the installation amount (not including the tax).  Bosch only honored the #34;rebate#34; for 1 month, and with two small children, travel for work, and the holidays, it was not enough tme and I sadly missed the opportunity to retrieve my #34;rebate#34;.  When I asked the customer service dept for store L, they indicated they would help make things right, but only gave the number of the asst store mngr who never replied to my emails. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:21:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
17860435	This is the review I did at Best Buy, which was rejected. Oh well, I don't pull punches! When I tried to register the product at the samsung site, it kept kicking me out to correct non-existent errors, giving me the suspicion they didn't want to accept my information or to honor the warranty. I got them on the phone and they cheerfully set-up an appt. with the only Samsung service available in a 75 mile radius and I live just outside Chicago! Not sure what had happened to my brand new dishwasher, I decided to call the service outlet 12 miles from my home to inquire about the possibility of it being due to bad electric service. They informed me that the visit alone, would be $138! I since realized it was Samsung's fault because I have 4 other electronic appliances that have been around for 5 years, trouble-free.But I also decided to Google trouble with this dishwasher and immediately found a website called: Consumer Complaints  Reviews. Apparently, I wasn't the only one who discovered too late, that the most important part of selling me a samsung dishwasher is getting me to purchase it.... Of the top 125 complaints, there are about 20 -30 best buy customers. The typical breakdown concerns the chinese electronic control panel which is what my problem is, according to the trouble code. The dishwasher will recover after about 4 -8 hours, begins a new wash cycle and then a few minutes later, stops and blinks the l.e.d.s.I've had it for 6 months and used it 10 times. I have the original box of powerball tablets recommended by samsung. I live alone and usually wash a lot by hand instead of wasting energy, soap, etc. I'm presently at home with a back injury and no dishwasher! I can only stand for about 2 to 4 minutes and I'm still paying for the broken samsung. So far, the cost is $50.00 per washload!I called best buy for help. I wanted to trade this for a new dishwasher of a different brand. and they offered to take the unit away for me, while there, delivering my new purchase! I got angry and said, I couldn't find out it was defective before your time limit, I don't have that many dishes. They asked me if I'd bought the extended service plan and I got more angry. I said: Once you get it out the door, it's next customer? What happened to standing by your product? You're in this business, obviously, you know this is junk, why is it on your floor to sell to me?According to these bad reviews at: Consumer Complaints  Reviews, Samsung had denied, blamed and drug their feet at the customer's expense for months at a time in many cases. So my worst fears about trying to clean my dishes with my injury are coming true!WHY samsung?WHY best buy?I hope you have the decency to allow this review to be posted here, for the sake of your remaining customers, because I've taken myself off your mailing list and cutting up your so-called: Elite membership! Just in case you censor this review, I'll be posting it all over the internet, everywhere I can, until my undeserved punishment is repealed by you or samsung 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:21:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23029544	My wife was so excited when we purchased this dishwasher to outfit our new kitchen. It looked cool, the idea of two separate drawers seemed great, and the with the cost we expected top-of-the-line quality. What we received were continuous problems from about 3 months after purchase. Blown fuses, leaks, inoperative controls were some of the issues, but the major problem is that it just did not clean our dishes and cups. Oh - and if you want a quiet dishwasher, this is not the appliance for you. We finally dumped this lemon after 4 years of misery and about 12 visits from repairmen (who all told us how they get loads of calls for Fisher  Paykel dishwashers). We replaced it with a Bosch SHX57C and so far it's much quieter and more efficient. Consider yourself warned. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:21:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64218807	I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Danby!  It does exactly what I bought it for; it washes dishes while only taking up a small space.Loading it in the most efficient way can be a challenge, but you figure it out quickly.  Buttons are easy to navigate (I figured them out with a quick browse of the Instructions). It came with a scoop to measure the correct amount of detergent.I rinse (just rinse..)my dishes, hook up the hose and I'm off enjoying my time.I've had my Danby (that's what we call it, like a butler) for over 6 months. I use it daily, twice on holidays, and it handles my family of fives dishes like a pro!However, if you feel like you need a super-powerful dishwasher with labels for every feature... this isn't for you.  That would require a portable dishwasher, and takes more space.I would buy another one in a second, and I regret not getting one sooner. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:21:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33258757	So I've had this on my dishwasher for about 6 months or so.. It is holding up great! The color however is not like my other real stainless steel appliances. It seems really dull..It lookd great on the roll but once I put it on it wasn't near as shiney. But if you can't afford new and you want stainless steel. I would say buy it! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:21:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
27036088	I bought the Bosch dishwasher model # SHE55M16UC to replace a 10-year-old Bosch that would inexplicably flood the wood kitchen floor without any apparent reason. OK, it was fairly old, so why not just replace it instead of a costly repair, especially when there was no obvious fault, such as a worn gasket or hose? This particular model is pretty much the same, but has a couple of additional and basically useless wash options, especially if you wash the food off of your dishes before loading as we do.PROs: It is just a dishwasher, but a fairly pricey one at that. It is attractive, but nothing special.CONs:1. The racks are quite obtrusive. Some dividers are too close together and cumbersome, actually reducing the capacity compared with our previous model. I read that criticism prior to buying it, but I didn't believe it until I saw this machine on the hoof, so to speak. It holds fewer cups and glasses and it is a challenge to find space for a long utensil like a knife or cooking spoon. Bowls take up so much space that they infringe on the plate areas and do not fit into the dividers well.2. The dishes come out wet, as there is no specific drying element, as there was in the earlier models. If you leave them overnight, there is just a bit of moisture on the glasses, cups, and racks. This is weird.3. The machine smells faintly like garbage - and we are talking about dishes that have all been pre-washed with water and scrubbed with an abrasive cloth - unless you use the Finish soap cubes provided as a sample with the machine. Just tried them and they work very well, as compared to Cascade dishwasher detergent. I am sure that it is much costlier. I will check that out.4. You have to let the water heat up in the sink before starting the wash cycle. Never saw an instruction like that before. It insures you are starting the cycle with hot water. That is about 3 minutes of wasted water down the drain before turning on this machine. Do other machines have this requirement? I have no idea. We never did this before, but the user guide tells you to do this.We had a GE two houses ago that had more options and worked like a champ. The builder of our current house recommended Bosch. Not sure there is a rational basis to switch, although GE is even more expensive and other GE products have gone downhill in recent years. Cannot give a ringing endorsement to this product. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:51:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing the complaints	false
81766164	i had a limited space and wanted a stainless dishwasher to match my other appliances.It won't do dishes for a family, but for 1 or 2 people it is fine. Plan on still washing the pots and pans!The dishes come out clean - and all we do is scrape them off. Dried food has come off fine. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:51:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24039304	This is the greatest purchase I have ever made.  This machine works perfect and has saved me so much time cleaning up in the kitchen.  You would be a fool not to buy this for your house or apartment that does not already have a dishwasher in it. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:51:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23955971	I bought this dishwasher a little over a year ago.  Within the first month, the control panel failed and I had to have a new unit put in.  Since then, the fuse has blown THREE times and each time required a repairman visit.  During the last visit, the repairman suggested that I stop using the heat drying feature to prevent the fuse from blowing.  REALLY???  This dishwasher cost at least twice what my old one cost and that one never broke.  STAY AWAY from this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:51:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53939743	2.5 years from new, HE error indicating sump heater problem: replaced heater element, failed again. All indications are main control unit (PCB) may be faulty, which will result in another $200 outlay, plus another $40 heating element. If this appliance had delivered ten years of faultless service, I might be more forgiving, but if our experience is an indication of reality, run/don't walk away from this POS. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:51:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
75283413	I'm sorry for everything I did because this product sure was punishment for my deeds. No (positive) words can describe this product. Just don't do it. It didn't fit on the faucet, there are no faucet adaptors that complement the hose, and the hose is so heavy it pulls off the adaptor from the faucet. I hate defacing this product, but it seriously did not work for me. Maybe it will work for you, but don't say I didn't tell you so. You've been warned. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:54:31	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
68356991	For the money - this is an amazing buy.The need to replace my condo size dishwasher was a challenge, since the cost of most brands at this size doesn't seem worth it.  The price point of this Danby made the risk worth it to me.  Two years later, I could not be more pleased with its performance!!!!The only drawback is that the mechanisms for the two drawers are cheap and often annoying.  But that little thing doesn't take away the cost benefit and performance of this little dishwasher that could, can and does... 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:54:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
65674422	5 months ago we were shopping for appliances for our renewed kitchen. The salesman at Home Depot said LG was one of the top makers of appliances and that we couldn't go wrong with LG. It turned out that we couldn't go more wrong in buying LG appliances. We spent $4,500 for 4 appliances thinking we were buying a good brand to say the least.  5 months later we have already had problems with the microwave and the dishwasher and there is a flaw on the fridge's door design that does not allow it shut closed if you push both doors at the same time. The dishwasher is the worst thing I've ever bought and I'm serious about that. It does not really wash the dishes, at best it wets them. The swage stink that comes out of it is just amazing (the technician didn't explain well why the stink, but seems to be a flaw in design that apparently there is a repair for it - I hope). The customer service is the only thing worse than the machine itself, coincidence???. Gosh! if you ever need the customer service (and if you have one of the LG products you be very sure you will need) be prepared to be in Prozac......you're going to need it. My dishwasher is waiting on repair for almost a full month now and it seems to be a normal thing with LG. I'm in Jacksonville and the company authorized by LG to repair LG products has a lot of bad reviews itself. It's under warranty but I've already made my mind to throw this piece of garbage where it should have never been taken out from, the garbage. Next time it breaks I'll not even bother to call LG services.My advice is if you're shopping for appliances the ones I owned and didn't have much trouble with were GE and Whirlpool, not as fancy as LG though.PS: I read a review in here where the customer gave 5 starts and calls it wonderful product.  That's the only review for this dishwasher I have seen on the web  where the customer is satisfied.  Well, based on the reviews I have seem out there, my guess is that LG built only one dishwasher with quality and this customer got it. lucky! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:54:31	No Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	No	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
74495370	Bought this at a big box store.  Installed it myself.  Was immediately impressed by the quietness and disappointed in the length of cycle.  I have 6 kids and we need to run 3-4 loads a day.  A 2-hour cycle makes that difficult.Within a year the washer would start and within 3 minutes display clean - despite having done nothing.  I called Bosch expecting help like I have always received with my Bosch hot water heaters.  (With the water heaters the techs will troubleshoot over the phone and even send warranty parts directly.  With one of my units they sent me a replacement heater without charge because of the problems being experienced.)  The second the appliance phone tech found out I was a homeowner and not a service tech he hung up on me.  (I am a licensed PE with extensive electrical experience and ended up explaining electrical theory to the tech that finally came out.)  A month and three trips later their tech finally had the problem fixed.  They just changed parts until something made it better.  $300+ bill (for a $500 dishwasher).  Fortunately it was all under warranty.Now, 18-months later the symptoms have returned again.  The quality of the wash has also been degrading - leaving lots of debris in glasses, etc.  I will not fix it this time.  The part (that fixed it last time) is $200+. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:54:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51257612	This the worst dishwasher ever.  No spray on top shelf.  Circulates dirty water (no filter).  Some reviews say it is the best one on the market. Ha. You will have to pre wash everything well or it will come out covered in garbage.  Amana and/or EvVive will not take this piece of junk back. Last resort is amazon a-z.  EvVive completely mis-represented this item 	ctress10	10-23-2015 00:54:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61134575	I've had this unit for about 8 months now with not a single issue.  Great product for 2 people.Size:  This dishwasher is on the large side BUT fortunate enough for me I have a large bay style window next to my sink which is the perfect location.Capacity:  Doesn't hold a heck of a whole lot of dishes but generally holds enough to clean up after one simple meal.  I have no problems with being able to fit in everything in one load for most nights.Sound:  During a cleaning cycle it can be quite loud but I find white noise comforting so it doesn't bother me one bit.Maintenance:  Pretty easy.  Clean the filter on each wash (very simple).Summary:  My only regret is hand washing dishes for 5 months and not picking up this dishwasher sooner! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:10:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58706703	DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER.  We've had this washer for about a year now.  It came with the house we purchased. All the appliences were actually new. The only POSITIVE thing I can come up with is that the darn thing is quite!! Just took another dirty load out (didn't I mentioned it was the same load I put in 3 days ago and washed for the third time) After using powder/liquid,liquid,powder detergents dishes are all still dirty. I have only known two dishwasher in my growing days, BOSH and Kenmore Elite.  I am pretty sure that this piece of garbage wont be making it for another year.  DO NOT BUY THIS DISWASHER 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:10:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that cause the complaint	false
58338540	It arrived on time. It was very easy to set up and it cleans great.  I am very happy with my purchase. I love it! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:10:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69530359	I bought this dishwasher a little less than a month ago and I LOVE IT!! I have not had any problems with it so far. It was easy installation and easy to use everyday. I would definetly recommend this product to someone looking for a coutertop dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:10:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32430677	It seems to work as advertised so far.  Its only been a week, but I have been fairly pleased with it. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:10:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55574296	Even after following all the tips in the troulbe shooting manual we still have food particles left on our glasses.  The lack of a heated dry is also a definite down side.  Does this Energy Star appliance really save energy if you have to run it twice just to get the dishes clean?  This thing reminds me of the early low flow toilets that had to be flushed multiple times.  I've bought lots of Samsung products and have been happy with everything but this lousy dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:14:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information About Specific Component Defects that is causing this complaint	false
87619220	We bought a Frigidaire dishwasher last summer.  It never worked and it fact we had to stop using it because we felt it was dangerous.  There is a design flaw in many Frigidaire dishwasher models (check out epinions) that causes the electronic control board to malfunction.  From what I can tell it has something to do with where it is in relation to the steam venting from the hot water. The best case scenario is that your dishwasher doesn't work.  The worst case is that it will start a fire.  Frigidaire's idea of customer service is to replace the same defective part over and over again and failing that to give you another defective and dangerous dishwasher.  And their customer service is horrible.  They do things to purposely make you angry (like when they escalate your call to a supervisor they leave you on hold for a long time hoping you will hang up).  A responsible company would recall these appliances and fix them appropriately.  I feel confident that if their dishwasher kills someone in a fire they will just have their attorneys blame it on the customer.  Protect your family.  Don't buy Frigidaire. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:14:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50260959	I loved the concept of this dishwasher.  I had it for three years.  The racks are rusting.  The soap dispensers no longer work.  After the first year I had to have a repairman fix one of the drawers because it would not stay closed ($250).  The following year this happened again with the same drawer.  The repair was not guaranteed so I had to shell out another $250.  This was the most expensive DW at home depot at the time, mind you.  Now the lower drawer is leaking and ruining my new hardwood floors and the top drawer unit drain put quit working.  This thing is an expensive piece of junk. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:14:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62512702	We love it, cleans very good, runs very quite, it dries the dishes real well and it looks nice, it was very easy to install 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:14:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69869951	The only reason this product got one star is because amazon wouldnt let me fill the review out with zero stars.  Nothing but trouble with this product and haier.  It was damaged wen i got it, they wanted to charge me to replace one of the broken pieces. when i finally got the thing working (6 weeks later) i ended up with an underwater kitchen, the dishwasher door did not seal properly and leaked profusely.  The  customer service is absolutely horrendous.  Do not buy this product. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:14:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
10501728	I always lived in rentals that had all of the lastest appliances, but the last time I moved, I sacrificed my usual demands to get into a place that met my pets' needs.  So, I spent a year washing dishes and hated every minute of it.  A neighbor told me about portables, and I took a look.  I was a little concerned that I wouldn't be happy with the dishwasher, but let me tell you--it's been several months and this is the best purchase I've made in the past year.  It cleans very, very well--works just as well as a new dishwasher that is operating properly.  I can't speak highly enough of it!I will tell you that I had a little difficulty setting it up initially--I couldn't get the aerator off to install the connector to the sink.  If you are a single woman and have not taken apart a sink before(which was my problem), the trick is to get some pliers and to turn the aerator the opposite direction than you would logicially expect.  My neighbor--another single woman--showed me what I was doing wrong.  Neither the vendor nor the manufacturer were helpful when I ran into problems--I was told to just return the unit.  The directions were also pretty unhelpful.Overall, I'm very pleased with the unit.  It looks great and works very well too.  If you are on the fence on this and need a dishwasher, I think you'll be pleased with your purchase. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:18:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
89531132	efficient - as in - it has about half the capacity of the dishwasher it replaced. The top rack is not adjustable and my company dishes don't fit. I have to run it three times every two days. I used to run once every day and a half. And don't think about crowding the dishes - if they are touching each other they don't get clean.good - but definitely not for a large family. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:18:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
77794273	I bought this kitchenaid dishwasher for my new house - i did little research (until now).It has cleaned VERY POORLY since day one!  We've had the service guys out that blame it on the dishwashing liquid...We switch liquid and no luck!  Bottom line - this dishwasher just doesn't clean very well, and always leaves dishes needing a wipe down, rub, or REWASH!Very disappointing buy - I will be replacing it ASAP! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:18:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
26656851	purchased this dishwasher in 2008.very poor Preformance , The interior of the machine discolors , difficult to load.have had nothing but problemsBosch is not backing up its warranty,waiting and waiting too get serviced no one wants to be bothered on the repairsi have had another Bosch that was wonderful that is not the case with this machineI am waiting 6 weeks this time for repair on the warrantyThis is the third time needing repairs in less than two yearsWould like to send this machine straight to the president of Bosch 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:18:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing this issue	false
26285251	We purchased this unit approximately 6 months ago and it no longer drains.  Family will be visiting and I'm left without a functional dishwasher during a busy weekend at the onset of summer vacation. . Scheduling the repair will eat into this precious time.  I'm not pleased that it broke down so quickly. My last dishwasher, a Bosch, was just as bad.  I will be looking to purchase a Maytag in hopes that it will be more reliable.It did wash well when I used 2 dishwasher cubes but did not do well with the normal one block.  On the positive side, it was quiet but sound is not a major factor for me. I will not purchase another Samsung appliance. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:18:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	more information about the defected component that is causing this complaint	false
47771235	I have to say I like my L.G. we have had it for almost a year and no problems from HEAVY USE.I Don't scrape pre-rinse or anything and have no problems,I refuse to wash dishes before I wash dishes that is why it is called a dishwasher.Dishwasher's that are madetoday are designed to last maybe 5 years if your lucky.We have a Whirlpool at our farm that runs 5 hours and has over-nite cycle that runs for 8 hours it's the new water and power savers.The Kitchenaid by Hobart I grew up with lasted for over 20 years and was still running when Mom and Dad remodeled.That machines would wash and dry everything in a hour.It used about 11 gallons of water on heavy cycle and had a 1/3H.P. wash motor in it,it would push over 60 gallons a minute through the wash arms compared to 6 gallons per wash arm today.The machine also had a full blown disposer in the machine not a blender blade and I remember they had a demo glass machine and it said Hurricane in a box.The sales man would throw olive pits in the machine and uncooked pop corn and you could hear it chew it up and not even phase the machine.These new machines like this L.G. uses a 110 watt pancake motor and changes from top to bottom and it's pretty powerful if you watch the you tube videos,it's better than alot I have seen.Whirlpool uses a 55 watt drain pump motor for the main wash motor and is made my Askol.I have replaced these and it says on there 20 mins on max and 10 mins off..All dishwasher's for the most part alternate top and bottom arms now days because the motor's are so weak.In 2010 there were tons of dishwasher's going to the landfill because they were not cleaning.The Phosphates in the dishwasher detergent were removed and that is what sequesters calcium ions and so many other thing's that make your dishwasher workwell.That white stuff that I still see folks talking about is because of there detergent has been redone and it does not work unless you buy these 15 dollar for each wash all in one this and that and still does not work.I was adding S.T.T.P. to my detergent with mixed results.Then I found this detergent [...] it is called Bubble Bandit because it has 8.7% Phosphate's less fillers and it marketed as a commercial detergent but,you can read between the lines and before some tree hugger goes nut's.S.T.T.P. is a water softener/chealting agent and there is TONS more in human waste and the stuff they are using in place of phosphates there is alot of questions of safety.The manufacturers loved it when they dumped phosphates.People thought there machine was broke and got new ones.Millions dishwasher's were tossed in the landfill for nothing and were working just fine.I know of 5 relatives of mine who did they did not believe me.I have a 1984 Kitchenaid that was never used sitting in the garage waiting.With these all nite cycles and dishwasher's running all the time how is that going to do anything?They minds well just put a run the machine in the ground button on it.A dishwasher running and running will not last long..The secret is to use that detergent Bubble Bandit you can order 20 LBS for 60$$..There are some states that have banned the sell if you go to there site they can't ship it to you unless your a restaurant or something like that but, you can go on Ebay and get it from a private seller.The smell is gone and I don't use any rinse agent at all.I have done the three layer Cake test in this dishwasher with a full load of un-rinsed,scraped or anything I also dumped in some hard cat food just to give it a extreme test.I set the machine on Normal with Sani rinse and everything was spotless afterwards.. Try that detergent Carton of Bubble Bandit Dishwasher Detergent with Phosphate. Eliminates white film  water spots in hard water. Five 60 oz Bags (19 lbs)- FREE SHIPPING AT CHECKOUT! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:24:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	Available Tags are unsuitable for this review. This review sounds more like a detergent ad.	false
7327870	Unfortunately, I love the way this dishwasher cleans....it does a superb job, especially with the steam feature.  The problem is in the design:1.  the rollers and roller holders continue to fall off...after 2 years all four of the wheel assemblies have duct on them to hold them on?2.  the unit that connects to the upper spray unit continues to disconnect and catch on the upper rack.....duct tape again to the rescue!  Really bad design.  It is no fun having to crawl into the machine and try and connect these units.Just my take..... 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:24:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43627889	See my review of my previous dishwasher-----This time I researched Customer Service and weighed it most heavily in my decision to buy this LG.  Stated simply, I didn't find any negative feedback concerning their customer service---check that out for yourself.  Most owners of LG appliances praise their Customer Service.  As far as the ratings of dishwashers what I found was that all makes and models have good and bad reviews----and that the all dishwasher makes and models have good and bad reviews as to their performance if not  their customer service.  I have friends that own LG appliances and heard nothing buy praise for the way LG handles customer service issues.  So I bought this one with hi hopes.  It was easy to install-did that myself---and the wife immediately got heavily involved----at first she thought the instructions were daunting---there are so many variables to control---light steam, heavy steam, combinations of ways to 'set' a cycle---like maybe you want to wash only the top or the bottom level---or you may want to adjust the  'pressure' of the top or bottom---all of this an a myriad of things you can do----so much versatility.  But then she noticed that way the touch control module was set up and it all became clear----all of those variable settings easily set forth and she now knows how to use them all.  And she did---washed every dish in the china cabinet and about every pot and pan and spare dish and silverware ---all the fancy glasses and whatever she could find.  Every piece----on every cycle and combination of features she tried CAME OUT ABSOLUTELY SPARKLING CLEAN---EVERYTHING JUST SHINES.  WOW!  In the short time we've had it we have yet to find a single shred of anything left on anything.  Even dried milk in the bottom of a glass will come out sparkling clean.  She does use a rinsing agent as recommended ---but she's always used that and her previous dishwasher never did turn out dishes as sparkling clean and sanitary as this dishwasher----we love it.  If we had to find a 'con' I'd say that this one isn't as quiet as our last one---it's possible to hear that this one is running-particularly when it is discharging water---but even then you would really have to be paying close attention to know that it's running at all.  Unless you are really paying attention and listening closely you would not be aware that it was running.  An additional bonus that we like is that we can see the indicator lights telling us where it is at in it's cycle---and if we really want to know how much time is left we can see that on a digital countdown display located on top of the door just under the counter---even with the door fully covered by the countertop.  I guess we give it hi praise and she just loves it which makes me so glad I bought it----I am secure in the knowledge that if or when I need customer service ---it will be there without if's, and's, buts,  or maybe's.  These people know how to take care of their customers---I know because I have an LG refrigerator and they came back to us to correct a problem that we weren't even aware of---and we have friends who personally have had very good customer service on appliances that they own------With all of that said, of course, we know that there are other good appliances out there----and the good ones aren't cheap. I figure though that any company that commits to take care of their customers deserves my business and I think LG is head and shoulders above the rest in that respect.EDIT--UPDATE  OK---we have been using this dishwasher now for some time and my wife has tried to trick it to see if she could find something that would not come out sparkling clean----today it passed the ULTIMATE TEST with flying colors----the old dried on egg yoke on a plate and on a fork trick.  Our experience has always been that  the egg yoke would not wash off entirely---in fact--the remaining egg yoke would bake on in the drying cycle. .  NOT THIS TIME.  Both the Fork and the plate came out sparkling clean.  We now believe there is nothing you could put in there that won't come out clean and sparkling---------We absolutely love this dishwasher---it's the best one we've ever had---and that includes the old time Maytags of 35 years ago that shook the whole house when in cycle----even they, as good as they were (then) , don't compare to this LDF 8072 ST----Also---the stainless steel finish on this unit is really good quality.  Use a little Pledge special surface spray on cleaner on it (if you can find that product) and it will shine and resist fingerprinting  and always looks nice and clean.Edit---update 1/17/2013 This dishwasher continues to impress.  We've grown  familiar with the many settings and found the ones that work with light, medium or really tough baked on material----and the fact is that you almost can't go wrong---they will come clean in spite of anything you might do with the settings---it's just that my wife doesn't have to use excessive cleaning ability when doing lightly soiled dishes.  and we have a major 'event' to report.  From the beginning the bottom rack sometimes caused a minor problem in that it glides along a built in 'rail' as you push it in or pull it out.  Occasionally, it would slide off the 'rail'--tipping itself down into the bottom of the dishwasher - and we'd have to reach down and set it back in place.  This was a minor problem but a problem nevertheless.  Finally, I pulled it out and examined it in detail and see that one of the wheels (there are 8 total) was skewed out of line and also it's axel was bent so that it was taking more than it's share of the load and was tending to drive itself off the rail.  I probably could have bent that back in line using a vice grips but was afraid that doing so might scrape off the  rubberized protective layer and maybe rusting would start------So I called Customer Service.  They immediately replied that was a known problem---that had also been reported by some of their other customers---and they immediately agreed to send me a replacement bottom rack----which I believe is on the way as this is being written.  This justifies what I have always believed----That LG Customer Service is the best in the business.  We continue to believe that we have the best dishwasher available----best one we ever had. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:24:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
35005749	This was easy to install, fit right on top of my fridge and makes my life 1000X easier. I suggest it to anyone living in a small apartment and tired of doing dishes! I turn it on before I go to bed at night and in the morning my dishes are spotless and dry. Can't beat it for the price. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:24:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16133385	M husband bought this for me for lack of space and we had it for a year before we bought a big one. (growing family.) While I had it I was quite satisfied. You have to remember to clean out that little ketch all on a regular basis, and it took a week or so to get the placement of all the plates and stuff right, but besides that we were vary happy. it did great on all of our small and medium bots and pans as well. We would do one load for plates bowls and the like, and a second for pots and pans. The only things that didn't fit were cookie sheets and our large walk and LARGE skillet. I would definitely recommend for small families or single persons. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:24:33	No Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77824091	This product has great space for a smaller size washer. Very easy to hook up, packaging was in good condition. No complaints 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:33:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62282651	This is a pretty good dishwasher for the price.  It does a very good job cleaning very dirty items even on the normal cleaning cycle.  There is even an option to turn off the drying mode.  There is very little unused space, and the space is pretty well organized.If you have plates that are somewhat on the large size they might not fit very well into the dishwasher.  The instructions are less than adequate and extremely poorly written.  For example sink hook-ups (while pretty easy to figure out) are not even described.  Someone we know had their dishwasher fail (under warrenty) because of defective electronics.If you want a pretty inexpensive solution to washing your dishes in a small apartment this is a good one.  If you're looking for  a long term solution, a more expensive and larger standalone dishwasher may be a better option. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:33:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
30217570	I am jealous of the people that have only had their FP double drawing dishwasher repaired 5 or 6 times. A  E factory service have been to my house about 15 times since the end of October 2009. I am not exagerating. And today, still no dishwasher. Out of the last 100 days, the unit has worked about 20. And both drawers have worked about 15 days. I purchased the unit in May 2005 for the home I was building. It was installed in July 2005. The 1st service call was in August 2005, and its been about every 3 to 6 months every since. This past Thursday, the AE tech was there again. Its leaking from somewhere AGAIN and needs another main board. Of course, we won't know where its leaking from until we order and install a new main board so we can run it and look for the leak. Luckily, I did buy an extended warranty so I'm not out of pocket yet. But that goes out this May. The AE tech called FP from my house and they have agreed to replace the unit. They told him they would call me last Friday to arrange deliver. At 6 PM Friday evening, I finally called them. They told the replacement had just been approved. Yea right. I am supposed to receive a call tomorrow or Wednesday about delivery of my new dishwasher. I don't think I'll hold my breath. If FP does as they have promised, I will be sure to report that as well. Remember, run the opposite direction. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:33:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
73756847	My wife refused to buy any dishwasher that required you to manually clean the filter.  Life is too short to mess with that.  Also, we wanted a dishwasher that provided a simple, thorough 1 hour cycle.  (Yes, it actually uses a little more water and power than a longer cycle, but we don't care.)  And we wanted one that was quiet.  This Kitchenaid fit the bill and comes at a nice price for an upscale brand.  We've had it for over a month and it's worked great!  The dishes come out clean and the machine is very quiet, even with the self-cleaning filter.  As some folks have pointed out at other sites the buttons are sensitive and if you brush against them you can activate them. BUT all you've got to do is press the Control Lock button and no worries. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:33:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35699801	This is a very poor dishwasher.  It gets them clean about 65% of the time.  I typically use a dishwashing booster to help out, some liquid detergent, and some powder.  They sy to only use powder#8230;..but that leaves dried powder on the dishes.  I have a second home with a BOSCH.  It os amazing - squeaky clean dishes everytime.Final rating:  Thumbs down - don't get a FP. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:33:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
15365015	I have a 2004 PDW Ge Profile with hidden top controls. The control board failed earlier this year. We had to pay several hundred dollar for a GE certified tech to diagnose and replace the board. The control circuit failed again less than a year later. They will not replace the board until we pay for 1) technician house call, and 2) diagnostic labor. After which GE will send a free replacement board and then we will have to pay for 1) technician house call again and 2) installation labor. We could have bought a new dishwasher with the cost of these two repairs.Now we just received a Dishwasher recall due to fire hazard [...] stating that water condensation can drip onto the electronic control board causing a short circuit... resulting in fire hazard to consumers. GE will only install a water barrier as part of the recall fix. They will not fix any control boards unless they actually catch on fire. Never mind that they recognize that water is causing the control board to fail.I had similar bad experience with our 2004 GE over the range profile microwave failing.Do NOT buy GE appliances. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:35:57	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
29137997	I replaced a compact dishwasher with this model and I'm very pleased. It holds more than I thought it would although if you have a large family you may need to run it twice. My dishes , pots and pans are sparkling clean . It's very simple to run and not too noisy.A word of warning, I bought mine from Sears and the delivery and installation was excellent BUT there was an additional $310.00 charge to bring it up to code due to a code change that began in Jan. 2014. This was never mentioned when I bought the dishwasher so be prepared. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:35:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
61923358	Overall, I don't think I would purchase this washer again, but that's only because I don't care about noise. If a washer would clean better with more noise (which they do, based upon my old GE), I am just fine with that, especially when it has a timer (as this one does) to delay the cycle start to a time when no one is home.Because this unit attempts to be quiet, it doesn't use powerful jets on the dishes. It kind of drizzles water over the dishes, with expectedly lackluster results.However, if there is ONE SINGLE THING you can do to get the best results available from this washer, it would be to ACTIVATE THE SANITARY RINSE FUNCTION. Activating that feature single-handedly increased cleaning results by nearly 100%. I even get decent results on the quick cleaning cycle, as long as the sanitary rinse mode is also activated. NOTE THAT you have to push the sanitary rinse button AFTER you activate the cleaning cycle. If you push it before, it goes off when you activate the cleaning cycle. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:35:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
16998612	We thorughly reaseached our next diswasher purchase after our GE Profile let us down. While the Bosch models have snob appeal - they were pretty filmsy when we looked at them and the lower rack hung up when we tried to slide it out in the showroom on multiple models.We loved the Whirlpool online video explaining the features and it sold us. We've had this for two months and it has always done a great job. I installed it myself and it is fairly easy - note the sound insulation is very thick and you'll need to tape it down to install the unit.On sound, yes you can hear it running. Its very well insulated at every point with sound insulation so I assume this is as good as it gets. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:35:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
32054328	Moved into a small older home. It had no dishwasher. This fir perfectly under the cabinet. Cleans like crazy. It is easy to hook up and run. No downside at all that I have seen in the 6 weeks I have owned it! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:35:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50326145	The dishwasher looks nice but leaks tremendously. We are very disappointed in this product because we set it up exactly as the manufacturer stated, but during it's first wash, it leaked. I would like to contact the seller but cannot figure out how to do so. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:50:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing this issue	false
62626334	This dishwasher was a big disappointment. Despite a super-long wash cycle and the use of the hot water setting, it routinely does not get dishes and silverware clean. Repeated checks for clogs, etc. do not help. We have had the dishwasher for about a year and a half and it has been this way from the beginning. The best thing I can say about it is that it is attractive and reasonably quiet. However, I would not purchase it again. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:50:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the complaint	false
50688551	We put this on our baby registry to have a way to sterilize the baby's bottles and feeding supplies. In the week we've had it, we've done two loads. You have to play Tetris every time you load to try and figure out how to get the most to fit. It does not dry the dishes at all, so you have to leave the door open and pull out the drawer and let everything air dry. It does fit our space, though it is quite awkward on the countertop and makes it difficult to reach above it to the higher cabinet. We're contemplating sending this back and just using a microwave sterilizer as I can wash and dry dishes in the sink much more efficiently than this thing seems to do. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:50:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing these complaints	false
89975213	The best dishwasher I have owned. Ever.I am waiting for a sale to buy another to add on the other side of the sink.Consumer Reports gives it very high marks and recommends it.I bought this at Best Buy and used it for 9-10 months. It has improved our daily routines, given us more relaxed evenings of entertaining, and FINALLY automated washing completely. Of course it cleans. The boon is that IT DRIES. REALLY.Several reviewers mention drainage problems, error E24, and having had repair calls. We had a draining problem and the E24 on the display. The Bosch tech solved it in 3.5 minutes by opening the drain assembly at the bottom of the tub and rinsing the filter. Duh. The soap scum had deposited and clogged the fine filter. Tech said not to use liquid detergent (I used Costco's Kirkland) but switch to the little self-contained capsules. I now use the Cascade variety that Bosch recommends and all is fine. It is unreasonable to run gallons of dirty soapy water through a filter and expect no clogging. It takes a minute to open the assembly, remove the filter, and clean it in the sink.Here below I paste my own review, originally posted on Best Buy:What's great about it:Everything works as expected. Fire and forget.What's not so great:No complaints.Everything works as expected. It's not so much that it does anything astonishing per se: what really takes the cake is that it does what it promises very well.Drying is perfect even on plastics. The programs are exactly what is needed, without fuss. Besides its external beauty, the design of the interior is spot on, pun intended. it allows any reasonable configuration with great economy of space. the utensil basket is simple and perfectly functional.The whole system reflects attention to detail and careful research. We were considering making room for a second dishwasher, but this one is so perfect that it defies duplication!This product is...Convenient for time-delayAcceptable level of noiseWell-matched to my appliancesEasy to load adjustable racksUseful settings or cyclesAble to deliver spotless dishes Great at drying dishesAbout me...Budget Conscious  Always get the deal  An appliance snob  everyday user  Design consciousI would recommend this to a friend! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:50:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40847861	Had to get rid of the dishwasher after only 9 months.  Leaked since it was new, even after having a repair person look at it. Motor went bad after about 7 months, then the circuit board went bad, then right when they replace the circuit board, the console for the cycle select buttons stopped working.Whirlpool would not replace the unit, just kept sending repair people over and over.It did clean very well, and dried well, however.  Bad quality otherwise. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 01:50:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
18482922	Even though the wash cycle is quite long, this little number is a dynamo. It cleans great. Fairly quiet. Fits great in the small area we have in our bar. We built in. Looks very nice as a built in also. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 11:40:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
66708626	In a bit of a hurry, I ordered the Haier dishwasher without reading all the reviews. It arrived damaged and clearly it went into the box that way, because the box and packing materials were pristine.  I called the company and they suggested I try to fix it myself, if that didn't work, then I could take it to a service center.So, after bending some metal with pliers and a bit of duct tape, I got it working.The unit does work now and quite well, but it is so flimsy that I worry it won't last long. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 11:40:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
25468916	This is a very good purchase.  I love the long electrical cord  the fact that it is quiet.  I am glad that I do not have to add another type of dish washer as I do not want a under counter one for fear it may start leaking. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 11:40:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72602907	This is fantastic. This is my third.  I always ha a dirty Set waiting for additions and one of clean Fisher.This one though makes the glasses sparkle.  I have one of the previous models.  This is much improved.  I put mine in, not stacked but in separate parts of the room to avoid the bending for the lower racks. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 11:40:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53385146	I have to somewhat agree with one of the negative reviews below.I just had my new Bosch dishwasher installed and was very excited. However, I was quite disappointed when the first wash was complete.Things weren't dry properly even though I have used JetDry. Some parts were dry, but some parts felt wet. (and I am not talking about water pooling on concaved bottom of cups or bowls. This is understandable.) Some areas were dry to the touch, but there are lots of spots with condensation here and there - on utensils, side of some bowls, and so on. (They weren't overlapping and weren't even touching each other.) Even the arms of the center sprinkler were dripping because of condensation and the bottom of the silverware rack was wet. As I open the door I could see mild condensation on the surface of the inside of the door as well.On second load, I used Extra Dry mode hoping that it would fix the problem. It looked slightly better, but the condensation still occured and I had to take out the dishes and bowls and dry them on separate dish racks.I think it cleaned decently and it is quiet as advertised, but my 8 years old JenAir dishwasher was already as quiet and it dried excellently compared to this Bosch. I guess it's because it doesn't have a heating element as someone already pointed out.I am quite disappointed and trying to find a way to solve this problem. I chose this model especially because none of JenAir models have the front display panel. But now I'm seriously considering returning this one and get JenAir instead.*** Update ***I checked out several forums and found out it is indeed because of Bosch's unique drying system called condensation drying. It basically uses the heat produced during the wash cycle to dry the dishes.There's pros and cons to this system.Pros: Since it is not using heating element, it reduces energy consumption quite a lot.Cons: Since the drying relys on the heat of the dishes after the wash, those made of ceramic, glass, or metal will dry quite efficiently, but those made of materials such as soft plastic - that does not hold the heat for long - will not be able to dry completely.There are few tips to handle this situation.1) Run the kitchen water until it becomes hot, then start the dishwasher.2) Drying agents like JetDry is a must.3) Make sure the water temperature for the house is sufficiently hot.(The water temp of my house is slightly hotter than warm currently, so I'm planning on raising the temp.)4) Leave the dishes in for more than an hour (or a few) after the cycle so that the left over heat can dry them.I do like having dishwasher that can dry very well like my old one, but once I understood how Bosch's system works, I am willing to give it a little more try. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 11:40:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59478572	Pros:  Very quiet, but not silent.  Cleans dishes well without pre-rinsing, yet there is only 1 small detergent cup to fill.  So it uses much less detergent than my old dishwasher.  The filter needs cleaning much less often than I expected.  I check the filter weekly, but may not find anything in it for a month.  Choose cycles from 30 minutes to 2.5 hours. The normal cycle is about 2 hours, typical for newer models.Cons:  Moisture+food on stainless interior=foul odor.  This may be why most Bosch (stainless steel interior) models do not have a rinse and hold option???  Detergent dispenser door not well designed.  I am never sure if it has latched shut when using powdered detergent.Neutral:  Slightly shorter and less deep cabinet than other U.S. brands.  This means the racks are slightly smaller too.  Bosch compensated by placing the dish pegs closer together at an angle.  Some mismatched dishes may nest in each other and not clean completely, unless you leave an empty slot between them (or use 100% matching dishes).  The angled pegs seem to improve cleaning at this closer spacing.  Bowls taller than 1 will not fit between the lower rack pegs, but will fit on the upper rack.Installation:  3 legged design and water inlet angle can make sliding unit into place tricky with copper tubing.  Braided stainless steel line recommended.  Even after adjusting the 3 feet to the limit, it is still slightly shorter than other brands.  Measure before installing, to see if you will need a filler strip at the top.Other: For best results, you must read the manual. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:18:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25636465	This refill is what I have been looking for.  All the dish washing #34;wands#34; out there do not stand up on their own.  Therefore, the dish soap steadily leaks out while unattended.  The old one I have at home has a base to stand on, but the pad was getting worn and #34;germy#34;.  So I was real happy to find replacement pads for this product,  Thank you... 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34756104	This unit arrived faster than predicted by the seller, intact and ready to take care of the pile of dishes accumulating in my kitchen...!!!  I've done a number of loads of dishes since its arrival and am very happy with the results...  Just like any dishwasher, it always helps to rinse the dishes first - but, especially on the heavy-duty cycle with both detergent cups full, it seems like even that isn't totally necessary.  Very, very happy with my purchase - definitely improved my quality of life!  Hahaha...The only slight complication is that I had to hit the hardware store to purchase an adapter for my sink - the threads on the quick-connect were not compatible with my current kitchen faucet.  The adapter, however, was only about $5 - piece of cake! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51426359	The dishwasher was very well packed and arrived in perfect condition. The set-up and operating instructions are only so-so, but luckily I had a similar portable dishwasher in the '70's so I knew how to attach the special aerator to the faucet and attach the hoses to that aerator. I also knew that the little red button was to release the pressure so you don't get squirted when you disconnect the hoses from the aerator.The manual also doesn't explain what to expect during the various cycles so we were at first concerned when it did NOT pump out all the water in the tub at the very beginning of the #34;dry#34; cycle during a #34;rinse-only#34; test. However, my daughter (the user) reports that all is well and that patience is a virtue with this machine (that is, the cycles are very long). 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
82327365	great product! cleans my dishes better than some full sized ones i have had AND it is quiet! Only thing to watch out for is that some of my dinner plates do not fit. When I set them at an angle they will but I can't load much in it when I do that. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
30143419	I have owned this dishwasher for a little over 5 months now and have basically settled into using it for a light load of dishes.  Unfortunately, I must inspect each item I insert due to its low quality cleaning.  Looking back, I wish i had requested the higher quality brand.  It would have been worth it in the end. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:23:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
46590289	I wonder how many engineers there are in the world.  It must be a million, maybe even ten million.  Among them must be several people, maybe even hundreds or thousands, who actually wash dishes.  You would think that at least one of those engineers who wash dishes would have ended up at the employment office at Bosch.  That apparently hasn't happened.It's not a bad machine. I like that the entire bottom is a sealed water pan that stops leaks from getting to your floor and shuts off the water if it begins to fill.  It's pretty quiet.  That's about it for the really good stuff.Not as good: Washing dishes.  They come out clean (unlike the previous reviewer's experience) but sometimes an item has to be rewashed.  That never happened with the Asko we had before.And the ugly:1. There is a persistent chemical odor near the door when it is operating.  I called Bosch and they knew about it.  Use less detergent.  It turns out that even if I use no detergent I get the smell.  So they have a problem that they know about, haven't fixed, and have no work-around for.2. It's impossible to load efficiently.  This is where the non-dishwashing team of engineers comes in.  They seem to have designed a very clever set of prongs and racks that does a great job of holding flat dinnerware and small cups.  What it doesn't do a good job on is actual mugs, cups, bowls, etc.  This means that in our house we can't get as many dishes into it as before.  It's also smaller than a standard dishwasher - about two inches less deep.  So, between the inefficient loading and the smaller size, we're running it about twice as often as our old machine.  So much for energy efficiency.  I would advise you to take some of your dishes with you to the store when shopping for dishwashers.  Again I called the Bosch customer service line -- they knew about this one too but didn't have any suggestions or guidelines for loading the thing.  The woman on the line helpfully told me that this was why she had replaced her Bosch with something else.3. No heating element.  This sounds fine, and it means that you can put top rack only items anywhere because there is no heating element that gets really hot and dries the dishes.  They use the trapped heat from the rinse cycle.  It actually works.  Unfortunately, it takes hours.  So when the two-hour wash cycle finishes you have another hour or two to wait before your dishes are (sort of) dry.  This is a very clever feature, obviously devised by some of those clever non-dishwashing engineers who thought it was really neat to be able to dry the dishes without a heating element.I'd send it back if I could.  Our plan is to use it for a couple of years and then replace it. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:23:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28054682	The dishwasher was a XMAS gift to my wife and I. Ours had started having some problems so I ordered a new one. Turns out it is the same dishwasher, except the one we had is a Maytag which we were beginning to have problems with and quit using. The dishwasher is/was a built-in and after I removed the old one it was good that it had the same mounting points except for scratches on the front panel and once I had it in place the right hand side chassis support beam was bent up almost an inch higher than what it should have been. I should have demanded a new un-damaged one but I did not want to leave the opening hole exposed and the counter partially disassembled, not to mention placing everything back under the sink. Due to the bent support bottom rail created a clearance problem with the back wall which required opening an area in the sheet rock so that the dishwasher would go far enough back (remember this was the same configuration as the one removed) to level the unit. My wife was not happy at all with what should have been an easy installation and she was right about demanding another unit rushed shipped out. The delivery guys handed me the receipt and told me to sign and even though the was some damage to the shipping box it did not appear severe enough for the damages on the dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:23:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57135974	We've had a Miele dishwasher for the past 8 years. Four years ago, we replaced the main wash pump (over $600,) and were just told that we need to do the same AGAIN. Two main wash pumps in 8 years???? That is not reliable in my opinion.Yes, it's a really quiet dishwasher, but so is just about every other dishwasher by every other manufacturer out there.... 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:23:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
68099476	I've always had KitchenAid dishwashers and been happy with them.  I thought this 2-drawer model sounded like a great idea because we don't have a lot of dishes and were runnning the old dishwasher every 5 days or so.  I was very disappointed in this product. Part of this is my own fault - I should have gone to look at it in a store first.  But here are the things I don't like about it: 1) it's not deep enough for plates to stand up - you have to lean them over, and therefore have to leave extra space between them; 2) the layout of the racks is such that you can't really load much into the dishwasher; 3) it doesn't seem to clean that great.  I ordered this originally through Amazon but the dealer decided they couldn't get it or couldn't ship it to me - now I'm trying to get my money back.  I bought it from another place and am now returning it.  I am getting a Miele instead, which I looked at in a showroom, having taken along a plate and tall glass to check out how they fit.  I recommend checking out several dishwashers at a showroom and taking your own dishes - especially if you have any that aren't quite standard sizes. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:23:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48741003	We have a Maytag dishwasher model MDB 7749 that we purchased at Lowes about 2 years ago. It has the same control pad wiring ribbon failure mentioned on a multitude of other consumer complaint websites. I think there are several class action suits underway and hopefully we can join one. I will try to complain to Lowes and also to their Maytag representative. Perhaps I can take them to small claims court? 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:30:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
24781682	...which I don't.  Tall wineglasses?  NO.  Coffee mugs? NO (at least not on the rack which seems made for those old fashioned china cups of years past).  Regular sized dinner plates?  NO.While the unit does fit beneath my cabinet and takes up a relatively small area, the lack of height prevents many things from being loaded into this machine.  For dinner sized plates, I have to sort of lay them at a 45 degree angle and hope they don't fall.Still, the most difficult things to clean by hand are drinks glasses, mugs, cutlery, cooking utensils and the like.  And they fit easily.This unit also CAN (you can turn off the feature) sanitize your dishes...it gets the water extremely hot.Haven't had the unit long enough to comment on leakage...I must say that areas that might be prone to leakage appear relatively easy to repair if necessary.To sum it up, not the dream machine I had hoped for, but a worthy addition  if your kitchen has the space and you cook a lot. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:30:08	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
70509814	Have had mine for just over a year and it has been leaking out the bottom the entire time- destroyed my laminate floor that I installed at the same time and ruined a cabnate. Frigidaire says its my fault because I installed it (2 hoses and an electrical outlet), my fault because I didn't get the extended warranty, and they won't assume liability for the floor because I immediately repaired it my self instead of waiting for their rep to come out and inspect (didn't want my kids running around on crappy flooring) I bought it at Lowe's and they blew me off too. This thing is garbage and I'm done with Lowe's. Welcome to 2014, America, where billionairs sell us cheap trinkets and tell us it's not their fault that it broke. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:30:08	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53210813	I had this dishwasher installed today and it wouldn't work. It didn't even pass the installation test. What a POS. I am totally dissatisfied and if the installers come tomorrow and install a new one (as they have promised), then I will be surprised if it works. This product is a lemon and I have serious buyers remorse!DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:30:08	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30814183	In less than 2 years this dishwasher has croaked. The sump pump assembly needs to be replaced at a cost of about $350!  Kitchen Aid is willing to do nothing. I have had several other dishwashers and none has been this unreliable. Stay away from this product! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:30:08	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88128839	I got this as a gift for someone who was expecting a baby and it's quite handy for keeping bottles, nipples, etc clean and sanitary.  For that purpose it's aces! Nice and quiet, compact, and works quite well.Simple to install and use, so far no leaks or problems. It's small so you either have to be very creative with how you load it, or do frequent small batches. Would buy again! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:55:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
82037388	This little thing can really clean some dishes. It cleans just as well or better than a full-size dishwasher. I love that this unit is all stainless inside as well. We did not notice any difference in our utilities and we run it 1-2 times per day.The only thing to note is most dinner plates will not fit. We use our smaller plates much more often then the full-size dinner plates and they fit just fine, they're about 6#34;.I wish I would have bought this unit sooner! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:55:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84771857	I've had this dishwasher for a year now, and I've had all sorts of problems with it.  Like the others said, it doesn't clean that well.  I have to put it on the longest cycle every time (over 3 hrs) hoping that it will work.  The water doesn't get up in the glasses on the top rack.  Gross.  My 1-year warranty just expired, and of course it just now started making a terrible screechy noise at certain stages in the cycle.  Seriously?  A one-year old dishwasher that I paid $700 for!??  I paid more hoping to avoid these stupid issues.Another thing that I HATE about this dishwasher is the lock feature.  I have a 1-year-old who loves to push the buttons  turn it on.  I didn't pay the extra $100 to get the model that has the buttons hidden on the top, because I just assumed I would lock it.  Well, you can put the child lock on, but it is digital. Once it has been on for 15-min w/no action, it automatically switches off, and thus no more lock.  I'm constantly turning on that lock through out the day,  I wish it would JUST STAY ON!  Annoying.Another problem w/this dishwasher are the brackets that you install it with.  They keep breaking, so the dishwasher is tipping over when you have the door open  the racks pulled out.  I've had 2 different professionals try to install it properly, and now the brackets have come off, YET AGAIN!  It shouldn't be that hard!  It's definitely the design.TRY SOMETHING ELSE!  DON'T GO WITH THIS DISHWASHER! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:55:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67525623	I've had a Danby Countertop dishwasher for a couple of years now (mine was the model DDW396W). It worked pretty well until the plastic window came loose. This is apparently  common with these machines--Danby has instructions on their website on how to fix it. I glued the window back in with 3M Scotch-Seal Industrial Sealant 800 and the dishwasher is now back in use. I like this machine, I just wish it was more durable. Perhaps the newer DDW496W model is a little better built. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:55:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
18236421	This review is based on the first couple uses of the washer.  The washer did its job.  All the dishes were cleaned as expected; however, it's extremely noisy.  It sounds as if there is a whale in the washer trying to get out. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 12:55:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41328833	I just got this item after looking over all the different ones listed on Amazon and going over the reviews.  Like most of the people that got one, I live in an apartment that doesn't have a dishwasher.  This one is great!  It has a quick disconnect fitting that should fit nearly any model of sink.  The instructions are very clear on how to set it up and load it, pay particular attention to the loading to get the best results.  I use the tab style detergent, it worked very well.  You need to have the rinse solution for most of the cycles, I used Jet Dri.  The normal cycle takes about 85 minutes to run and wasn't any more noisy than a regular dishwasher.If you don't have a lot of counter space available, do what I did and get a kitchen cart.  The unit is about twice the size of a microwave and about 40 lbs.  I got the Seville Classics SHE18321 Stainless Steel Kitchen Workstation, it is very sturdy and easy to put together.  It fits the dishwasher perfectly and has options for fixed stand or with wheels.  The midlevel basket is nice, I put a small bucket to set the hose end into when I'm not using the washer, keeps the water off the floor.I am pretty happy with both these items and glad I am free of doing most of the dishes! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:03:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42907686	I love my portable dish washer!  This machine is not 'fancy' but it gets the job done with a minimum of fuss.  It has all the standard washer features including a container for spot free rinse solution, open and closed soap cups, normal and pots/pans cycles, hot start, rinse only etc.  The machine rolls easily on the casters and hooking it up to the kitchen sink was an easy matter of changing the faucet aerator with the one included.  The hose simply snaps on, plug in to electric and you're off and washing.  The top of the washer is a wood laminate that serves nicely as extra counter space.  Been using this machine for a few weeks  and see no cons as of yet.  Be advised that there are several pieces of styrofoam inside the machine that you need to remove before use.  I missed one but luckily this had no ill effect.  If you miss the one under the heating coil, you could have a mess. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:03:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49180720	This dishwasher has been a great buy, great for small kitchen. Washes the dishes without in problem. I am very happy with my purchase. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:03:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17258382	Exactly what I expected,works great,takes time to learn how to stack in washer but washes a lot once I figured it out,completely satisfied 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:03:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15492961	The control board replaces an older model no longer available. Installation was easy only requiring one size Torx bit for removable of 16 or so screws. The rest is snap-on. 10-15 minute job. The new unit seems to work well and took care of the 2H reading before the cycle and the eternal 1 minute left on the display. The new unit does away with most of the red lenses you see on photo and its brighter so that the light on a particular mode button extend to the nearby buttons, so in that respect not as aesthetic as the original control board. Original control board lasted 13 years. Time will tell for sure how good it is. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:03:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47830375	I have  owned numerous dishwashers over my lifetime and this is by far the worst!As soon as we brought it home, it had serious design flaws that were immediately evident. The lower rack does not stay on track at all. You have to use 2 hands to almost pick it up and move it back. Also, if you load the dinner plates to the rear, the tray starts to tip backwards. I've loaded other dishwashers this way and not had this problem.Then within weeks, the cheap gray plastic wheels start popping off. You can snap them back on. But seriously, who should have to keep re-installing parts on a brand new dishwasher?!Then last week, after only 8 months of use the dishwasher totally quits working. That was the final straw. We contacted the Big Box store we purchased it from and advised them what a defective product this is. They agreed to take it back and gave us a full refund, thank goodness. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT, you will be sorry you wasted your money. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:12:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15779426	We just bought this dishwasher. I had difficulty when accessing the options mode. When you are in an options mode, and wish you choose an option, you are supposed to press the lt; button and then blinking LED lights (as indicated in the instructions manual) will be visible, and you keep pressing the lt; button until you have the correct # of blinking LED lights for your choice.  Well, wrong!  We tried and tried, and could not get the LED lights to blink.  Finally called Bosch. Rep walked me through it, and basically the lights DO NOT BLINK when it is time to choose the option, they remain a Solid Red Light.  Who knew? We kept trying to make them blink and they wouldn't. This really needs correcting in the manual.Doesn't dry as well as I would like, even though I did choose the extra dry option in the options mode.The top rack is poorly designed; hard to fit cups and glasses in there. First day I used it, a glass broke on the top rack - that has never been a issue with past dishwashers I have owned. Now I am wary of how I stack the glasses.I do like the quietness of the machine. I like the way the machine looks.Overall, I'm OK with this new dishwasher, but I am not thrilled about it.  Since there are just 2 of us, it will work out for us. However, if I had a bigger family, I would probably not be happy due to design of the top rack and the fact that it does not dry nearly as well as my old dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:12:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
56686295	I got this product not yet 24 hours ago, and that I have something aside from elbow grease to go into getting the dishes clean leaves me stoked. The instructions are horrible, but for anybody with a reasonable amount of mechanical knowledge and common sense should be able to hook this up without  a hitch.The actual cleaning ability leaves much to be desired. Even if it had a second spray arm at the top I wouldn't think it to be of much good. So I highly recommend cleaning dishes prior to placing them in the dishwasher. Not to make the dishwasher obsolete, but enough so that there isn't anything really 'stuck' to the plate like egg yolk or something cause there doesn't appear to be a great deal of water pressure. Aside from that, it seems like a really good thing to have around. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:12:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
33455085	This thing has never been an exceptional washer and now I have broken buttons and it's overconsuming electricity because the heated dry feature is stuck on. The computer won't even go into diagnostic mode because the heated dry button needs to work to get the trouble shooting codes.I think he real problem is that Whirlpool is trying to make their real money off of their service business. They sell you an $800 dishwasher that's designed to break after 3-4 years, they won't provide any product information on their website and then they want to sell you parts and service for the rest of your life. They charge technicians $500/year to subscribe to their repair service but they won't do anything to help a customer. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:12:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35151823	Great dishwasher for this price and this size.Worked perfect for one year... and broke! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:12:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More information that caused the machine to break	false
28256178	We've owned four dishwashers in our life. We recently got one of these Bosch model SHX43s (not through Amazon).  We are quite disappointed. It is very quiet. If that is your main desire in a dishwasher, I cannot imagine a better one.  However, we are very disappointed with two things. First, it does not clean all that well. We have followed all the directions and tried different settings, and it just does not clean very well compared to our last dishwasher, which was a Maytag. Yes, Consumer reports rates these highly. But we do not find that it works very well. I've heard other people talk about how important it is to rinse plates clean before you put them in the dishwasher. I always thought that was silly, because with all our prior ones, you could scrape off the stuff rinse a tiny bit and put them in and let it go. No problem. This one, you pretty much need to clean the dishes before it will. We are not used to pulling bowls and things out of the dishwasher and finding residue, film, rough spots where something foodish dried on them, etc. And I believe the unit is operating perfectly according to how it's made. I do not believe that we have a defective unit, though I will likely call Bosch to see what they say about it. It's not terrible, but it's just not all that great. Second, we've had this for a couple months now and we still cannot find an efficient way to load it. The bottom rack, in particular, is so poorly designed it is almost unbelievable. There is one whole section (the front, right quarter of the bottom rack, next to the silverware basket) that has such tightly spaced tines to hold dishes virtually nothing we have fits there. We can get a few bowls or smallish items in there at awkward angles but it is pretty useless space. The tines are so tightly spaced you also cannot get anything in that part of the rack that is like a pot or pan or large bowl. Quiet is great. Otherwise, I would never buy this brand again for a dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:20:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71760555	So quiet even standing next to it you can't hear it. Does an amazing job  much larger than expected on the inside. Perfect for all those X-Large plastic glasses during summer. Would recommend to anyone. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:20:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31973096	About 30 months after purchase, it stopped working completely--no lights, no noise, nothing.  It replaced a 20 year old Whirlpool that never needed a repair and was still cleaning dishes; wish that I still had the old one.  I will be shopping for a new Whirlpool.  An expensive disappointment. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:20:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17982396	Fully satisfied with my FPHD2491KF after a month; time will tell more. Nice-looking, simple exterior. I paid $614 at a locally owned store. Best set of features I found at that price.Installed it myself; straightforward j-box wiring and copper compression plumbing. Good instruction manuals (1 user, 1 technical) with installation tips. At first it didn't drain all the way, sometimes. After checking everything three times I called customer service. They were excellent, listened to what I said and then chose the correct diagnostic sequence for my problem. It stumped them, too, and they provided a list of approved services in my town. I picked one and he came over the next day. He made short work of it, immediately identifying that the air-gap anti-siphon fitting on my sink was partially plugged (stuff like fish bones that got past the old unit's filter) so it drained partly and we could see water coming out but it didn't all pump out during its time cycle. He cleaned it and was done in 10 minutes, and said Frigidaire would cover his visit.Dishes come out spotless and squeaky clean, even large  dried-on loads. It is *very* quiet, doesn't interfere with a quiet conversation at all. Plenty of cycles from a 20-min rinse to 90-min china/crystal, 120-min sanitize, 150-min pot/pans, and choice of heat or air-dry. Racks and silverware tray work well. Easy-to-adjust top rack is handy for awkward and large things like cutting boards, food processor, mixing bowls. Dinner plates can block the soap door from opening completely, as mentioned in a previous review and also noted in the user manual; proper loading avoids that (I'd ding it a half star for that, if I could). Jet-Dry dispenser is turned down to its lowest setting and still no spots.14 September 2011: Still very happy with this dishwasher. No problems to report. One review mentions that the bottom rack can come off its track and that's true, but it only happens if you pull it askew and it's completely easy to put back on its track.May 2012: Silverware baskets have broken some of their bottom mesh, allowing utensils to poke through and stop the bottom sprayer from turning...not good. Easy fix was cutting 1/4 or 3/8 grid galvanized hardware cloth to fit each basket; cut slightly oversize and press into the bottom. It shouldn't break like that, though. Only other thing that's happened was the sink air-gap got some crud in it again and had to be cleaned out, but now that I know about it, that's easy to spot and fix. Still happy with it but dropped from 5 to 4 stars due to silverware basket and soap door. Oh, and the Air Dry LED is sort of dim...looks like it might not be seated up to its display panel quite right, but it works.December 2013: Silverware basket was completely shot, bottoms fallen out of most sections, stop-gap fixes no longer holding utensils. Bought a new Dishwasher Silverware Basket by Sears for $35 (that name or part number 154423901 should find it here on Amazon). It's a little shorter than the old one but fits just fine, holds about the same amount of silverware, and appears to better constructed. I'd be happier if Frigidaire had included the better one when new. The LEDs for Start and Clean have gone dim. The clear plastic over the controls on the top edge of the door has picked up some nicks and scars. So, some minor annoyances but still satisfied with its performance at washing dishes. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:20:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	As time goes by, more component defects, but still overall satified with the machine	false
65099926	Hours before buying this I never knew such a thing existed! Worked better than imagined. Cleaning with vinegar every few months will keep glasses spotless. After three wonderful years, the water pump died (inexpensive to replace), I installed a new one but after a few months, it was never the same. Everything ended up with horrible water stains. Great will it lasted! 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:20:02	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50047598	We did considerable research when choosing a replacement for our 8-year old Kenmore, a dishwasher for which we had nothing but praise until the control module died. Our choices were narrowed to the Electrolux and Bosch based primarily on operating noise and energy efficiency. After seeing both models in the store, and with strong encouragement from three families, we chose the Bosch. After 1 week of use it was clear neither my wife nor I actually LIKED the Bosch - we were just a bit timid about sharing our dislike with one another given how much we spent. Our assessments were the same - quiet, cleans dishes well, but the dishwasher racks seemed completely unsuitable for our dishes. It seems rather silly that one should feel the need to buy new dishes to accommodate a dishwasher.PROS: very quiet, lots of fold-down tines, cleans very well with only a modest amount of cleaning powder, and safely handles plastic ware given the lack of a heated drying cycle.CONS: the peculiar rack designs, especially the top rack and the silverware holders, keep the load sizes down. We estimate 3 Bosch loads are the equivalent of 2 loads in the old Kenmore.The top rack is split 50% for bowls and saucers, 50% for everything else. There is no convenient place for the cooking utensils such as cooking spoons and spatulas, so plan on putting them in odd spots. There are fold-up shelves along the right hand side of the upper rack, but using them is done at the expense of 1/2 of the space for mugs and glasses (unless you drink solely from shot glasses).The bottom rack is 65% plates, 25% flexible enough to handle whatever fits, and 10% for the silverware basket. The silverware basket holds considerably less than the size might suggest primarily due to the 12 internal compartments; the low height of the sides preclude anything longer than a table knife. The beveled corners of the bottom rack prevent washing our 14 x 20 HDPE cutting board in this washer - it just doesn't fit no matter how we try.All this makes for a VERY expensive dishwasher neither of us love. The next time we research dishwashers, we're bringing the dishes with us.Update:After 3 months, our love for this dishwasher has yet to grow.  The door has slowly developed a hitch, a resistance to fully opening, which is becoming progressively more annoying.  We are still amazed that a company with a superb reputation for design and quality would result in such a disappointment.It is now 5 months, and I think hatred mixed with considerable buyers remorse describes my opinion of this machine.  If the economy had not augered itself into the ground, this thing would be an eBay candidate.  On a somewhat more useful note, the issue is the deepness of bowls and diameter of cups.  When shallow or small, things are fine.  It is quite unfortunate mine are neither.  There is no help for the utensil basket however.  Dark, shallow, and excessively divided into small compartments, knife handles must go down (leaving the nicely sharp point up), spoons MUST go up (or they nest together with all-to-predictable results, and no hope for putting in measuring cups greater than 1/4 cup capacity.  I'm done whining on this one. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:37:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27632552	This was installed in a new apartment complex, and this unit lasted for two days of occupancy before it stopped working, giving an error message. I had to replace with another machine (different brand) as this was a waste of money. I feel like I was robbed. I will never buy an appliance made by Danby again, and I will never purchase from Amazon either.All appliances should have a 1 year warranty for repairs, and you should be able to have this covered by the Amazon purchases as well. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:37:05	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
39670528	One part was broken from shipping or packing.  After calling the service number we got the wrong part but the second call was fruitful.  It works great and we were pleased with the stainless steel tub and the nylon racks.. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:37:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68410316	The dishwasher is not the easiest to install. The electrical and the water supply has to placed in the special tracks. You will more than likely have to cut the back bottom shelf and the side back of your cabinet under the sink to get the return hose in the recommended location.If you rinse and scrape your dishes clean before you load them, this dish washer is good for you. If you don't, choose another brand like Maytag.The dishes dry after the 2 hr cycle is done. However, all the walls inside the washer are all wet. So you have to leave the door open with the lights on to dry the interior.Oh yeah, if you don't do your dishes daily, you will get a nice stench due to the collection of water and debri from the dishes at the bottom. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:37:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	Not all tags are suitable, providing advice for problems, not defects	false
2065668	I bought this dishwasher from best buy and it has been nothing but problems. One would think spending 1500$ on an appliance would ensure quality but this dishwasher leaves food debris and film on all the dishes. I essentially have to completely wash the dishes before loading them which defeats the whole purpose of having a machine in the first place. I have had service people out at least 10 times and since the product is newer it seems that no one knows how to fix it.This product looks cool and the concept is great, but if your looking for function spend your money elsewhere. 	ctress10	10-23-2015 15:37:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about all the problems this user experienced	false
50447743	I bought this to replace a Kenmore dishwasher that cleaned very well but required the replacement of the control panel within 3 years, and then again 2 years later. I purchased Bosch because my research indicated that it was the most reliable brand. I should have also looked at how well it cleans. It is absolutely terrible at cleaning the dishes and I need to hand-wash many dishes after every load, even with pre-rinsing. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 10:38:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
45913674	Only had it for about a month, and just yesterday it stopped draining and making a loud buzzing noise. I'll update after dealing with the service department. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 10:38:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		true
18831758	This looked like what we needed: Not a lot of different settings, just a basic, good, well made product made from quality materials. But it is made of plastic or a similar material throughout, very flimsy. The top rack and bottom rack are not adjustable at all and do not accommodate our cups and glasses without bending the wire holders. Even then, glasses  cups do not fit in right. It's the same way with the bottom rack. Seems like when someone designed it, they just put all of the spokes the same distance apart, and it doesn't easily allow for plates, saucers, and bowl sizes. The silverware holders were covered with slots to stand the silverware in individually, but ours have nice thick handles, and do not even fit into the slots. When I took the top slot things off the silverware holder, it allowed all of the silverware to fall over because there were no space dividers in the holder. I ended up throwing out the silverware holder that came with it, and keeping the racks out of my old dishwasher! This certainly taught me the lesson to inspect appliances in brick and mortar stores before ordering online, sight unseen. I thought a company like Amana would make a good, well tested and researched product, and trusted the name Amana more than I should have!! Of course I didn't know all of this until it had already been installed, and sending it back after the fact was out of the question , so I'm stuck with it. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 10:38:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
58235803	We bought it at a discount because it was a return. And we soon discovered why. The soap tray doesn't open most of the time on regular cycle, unless you put no dishes near it, and fill it with very little detergent.  The dishes come out dirty and you have to run them a second time. Powerscrub is the only setting that somewhat works.  I pre-clean very well and things are still greasy like the soap didn't get to it.  We've been using the booster additive but it made no difference.  Plus it makes a weird smell like something's burning- we thought it was the new smell but over a year later and still there.  It looks nice and is pretty quiet, but not at all functional in cleaning the dishes.  The tech came and checked that everything was installed correctly (yes) and replaced the soap tray, but still the same issues. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 10:38:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
48897556	sometimes it does not work. now i have to use 2soaps to make it work .  i have to also clean up dishes little bit before puttingthem in the machine 	dlaw	10-24-2015 10:38:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
23161618	We spent $900 on a Bosch and are very disappointed.  The unit cleaned marginally for the first few months, but now is completely unacceptable and leaves dishes with a crusty residue.  We have consistently done all of the manufacturer-recommended preventive maintenance (keeping filters and spray nozzles clean, etc.), but the unit does not clean.Does not compare to our old Magtag.  Will never buy a Bosch product again. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 20:56:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
66666865	This is my first GE dishwasher and it replaced a Maytag I've had for about 12 years. I don't live in this home full time so the Maytag had only 5-6 years on it and I've been fixing it every couple of months recently for one reason or the other, so when replacing it, Maytag was not even in the running. I began researching and some things about this caught my eye.The steam pre-wash sounded good and really works good, coupled with GE's claim of 65% higher wash power than previous models and 3 wash arms, this does an excellent job of cleaning on everything I've put into it. It loads up very well but you have to remember that you've been using your old one for years, so it will be awkward at first trying to find the best place for familiar dishes in an unfamiliar rack.The stainless steel inside the door is a pleasure to see in comparison to stained plastic and just gives gives you confidence that it's a well built machine. The door itself is very light and doesn't manually latch, just push it shut and pull it open.This is a tall tub, so it has more interior room than what it replaced and yet it slid right in when I installed it which took me about  an hour. The top rack is height adjustable and comes with snap in grids to hang wineglasses. With it adjusted up the lower rack will accept tall items, almost 14 inches.This has two silverware baskets across the front, top and bottom and you can put utensils into the handle holder slots or lift the holders and fill the basket or a combination of. I use the holders to keep them separated and I've never had my silverware cleaned so well. I've added an image to show you the baskets and door and I see you need to go to the top of this page and look below the picture to click on it and see.It has a system to grind up food, there's a stainless steel blade that rotates at 3,600 RPM to pulverize food particles and helps to prevent large particles from clogging the wash armsThese are the highlights but after installing it I had a surprise. It didn't seem to work, I started it and lights came on but there were no knocks and hums and backfires and my counter wasn't throbbing...so I opened the door...and it had been running! I still walk past it shaking my head and hope the quiet little alarm never quits working because I don't want to have to open the door just to see if it's finished.So to sum it up...it looks good, it cleans good, they've eliminated the possibility of rust by using nylon and stainless steel and it's quiet. I'm sure there are better dishwashers available, but for about $600 this works quite well and seems to be a good value, I've been very happy with it for 4 months now. [Purchased at Home Depot, who delivered and disposed of the old machine inexpensively and would have installed too.]Warranty Terms - Parts 1 year limited____________Steam Cleaning........YesWarranty Terms - Labor 1 year limited____________Decibel Level...........52dBAHeight......................34________________________Nylon Rack Material...YesWidth.......................23-3/4_____________________Adjustable Racks......YesWeight.....................76 pounds__________________Tall Tub Design.........YesDepth......................24________________________Delay-Start Option....YesHard Food Disposer...Yes______________________Cycles........................4Heated Drying...........Yes_______________________Spray/Wash Levels....3Estimated Yearly Operating Cost$29 with an electric water heater; $24 with a natural gas water heaterAdditional specifications at geappliances.com 	dlaw	10-24-2015 20:56:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	possible complaint, but more of an irritation and not actually a problem yet	true
88893305	I hate to do dishes!!  of course, who doesn't except june cleaver.  I had been researching these online, and everybody wanted $60 to ship, so i just kept washing dishes, well mostly hubby did.anyway, one day we were in a big box store and there it was.  I didn't hesitate one second to put it on the cart and go.we got it home and set up in about 15 minutes and started washing dishes.  We don't eat on paper plates since we got this thing.Only thing i have noticed so far, the first couple of times we used it, when we set the dial, the machine ran for about 1 hour in the wash cycle.  book says the whole cycle is to last 45 minutes.  I finaly figured out where to start the cycle and i check on it once to make sure the dial is moving.OH, yes, it does get the dishes sparkling, especially the glasses!  I haven't tried myplastic containers that are usually top rack only to see if it doesn't melt them.hook up is quick and easy!!It will save you time and money and your marriage!!deb 	dlaw	10-24-2015 20:56:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
37923885	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher has been a constant disappointment. We spent about $500 for repairs to things documented as known problems online, and have only kept it because I learned to fix it myself and it hasn't fully died, though it doesn't clean dishes well, and regularly malfunctions by getting clogged with minor debris and the door popping open during cycle.Warranty is shot, customer service lacking, and products shoddy. Will not buy a Kitchenaid again. For more details:[...] 	dlaw	10-24-2015 20:56:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	some complaints about company itself	true
32430677	It seems to work as advertised so far.  Its only been a week, but I have been fairly pleased with it. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 20:56:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
65488463	The money I spent on this piece of junk is money thrown in the toilet.  Every bad thing the other reviewers have reported happened to us too - control panel going out (it actually burned up), seal leakage, drain pump malfunction, service people having to order parts which take forever to get.  How is this company still in business?  I will never buy another LG product.  After two years, I'm finally giving up and buying a new dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:03:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	"No Injury" b/c customer does not mention the potential of an injury to happen, although it seems like in this situation that it could be a potential safety hazard.	true
61336818	I'm on my fourth one first one was damaged. The second work didn't work. Third one was damaged. Fourth one worked for two times and stopped working. Samsung contacted my dealer and asked if they could send out a Tec to look at the machine as they couldn't understand these problem. I posted the review on Samsung web site but they refused to post it as it didn't meet they guide lines. I guess they mean I didn't give a positive review. I'm replacing it with a Bosch. The Samsung is a brand model and I believe it needs a little more work. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:03:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	no component defect b/c none specified	true
16089838	This dishwasher was delivered with a big dent in the side of it. However, it works well and is a perfect size for my needs. It moves around very easily. It was packed well and I was disappointed at the damage. Because it works I will keep it, though. It was $50 cheaper than the others like it advertised on Amazon. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:03:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		true
45167046	First off, I don't normally write negative reviews, however... New reviews on the Samsung DMT800RHS don't tell the whole story because this unit has some serious design flaws that everyone who owns will have to deal with sooner or later.1) You WILL need to replace the upper rack mounts at least 2 or 3 times a year. These are the pieces that serve to adjust the rack postion as well as support it. They are made of a plastic that weakens from the heat.  Check Samsung's website for reviews and you'll find that every other review complains of this problem.2) You will most likely have to have service to remove the pieces of plastic that fall off the deteriorating clips from the pump and have the pumped repaired.3) Eventually the control unit will start flaking out on you one way or another. If a power reset does not correct the issue...good luck!Once your warranty is up, you will be paying dearly for the above as Samsung (even though they know the issues) will not honor anything beyond that point.  Even if they replace the defective parts multiple times.This unit has 2 things going for it: It is very quiet and it appears to be structurally well built (solid feel and weight)... that's where it ends.  NO, it does not get the dishes clean! I'd like to know what kind of water these people have that say this unit cleans dishes.  At a typical 5 grains hardness (city) and no matter what soap and rinse agents used, the glasses would continually get worse with each wash.  All plates, bowls, etc. have to be pre-rinsed.  You'll find many more reviews complaining about this than those praising it's cleaning ability.Now that the Samsung DMT800RHS model has been out for over a year, it's clear that this is not a long term appliance. Pay close attention to reviews from those who have a year or more experience with this model.  If you still want to take the risk...get the extended warranty; you'll need it!!We were waiting on another pair of replacement rack mounts and the dishwasher quit working. It will run and say it's washing the dishes, no error codes at all, but when it finishes the soap is plastered all over the lower rack. Even though we bought all Samsung appliances last year, we are done messing with this unit and purchasing a Kenmore Elite today.  I will be setting this unit out on trash day. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:03:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
89489950	It's not cheap but I have had this dishwasher for three years now and it still works great. It does it's job: it cleans the dishes and dries them.Because of it's size it is great for appartments. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:03:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Consumer complains about price	true
58101733	I love, love, LOVE this dishwasher! It works extremely well. I purchased this Jan 9, 2009 and use it at LEAST once a day everyday, and it is still going strong. I rinse all my dishes well, cram as much as I can in it and run it. If I have an unusually large amount of dishes, I'll just run it twice in a row to get them all done. It's just my toddler and me so we usually only have about one load of dishes a day.I would take this over a regular dishwasher any day! My mother and my father and stepmom have dishwashers; the regular, permanent fixed into your cabinet kind. They are MAYBE just over twice as big as this wonderful little guy, and they take over TWO HOURS for each load! This haier dishwasher takes 34 minutes. That means you could wash almost 4 loads in this in the same amount of time as a regular dishwasher. That's A LOT more dishes in comparison! And they come out just as clean!Anyone that gave it a bad review is crazy. It is simply a miracle.(For example of space, I wash 3 or 4 of my daughter's plastic insulated straw cups, 2 glasses, 2 coffee mugs, about 6 saucers and 3 plates, 2 of my daughter's small plastic bowls, 4 regular cereal bowls, 5 spoons, 5 knives, 5 forks, and maybe some butter knives and plastic baby silverware, and if I have any dirty serving utensils or spatulas, that kind of stuff, I can fit 2 or 3 with everything else listed here! Seriously! This thing rocks!) 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:41:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
438293	This dishwasher has solved so many cleaning related skirmishes in my household. It works great in my teeny studio apartment. The hose hookup is super easy to connect, and we no longer run out of forks. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:41:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
43871304	cleans a small load of dishes very well, fits on the counter-top, but just barely. make sure you measure before you buy. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:41:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
24823950	the soap dispenser often does not open to feed soap to the cleaning. Also the bottom rack often comes off the tracks and is difficult to roll back in 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:41:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	No Complaint	Yes	no specific complaint mentioned	true
80918970	I read a lot of reviews prior to purchasing this product and it has lived up to the hype.  It does an excellent job cleaning dishes, and it is very quiet.  I do miss the heater feature that my old dishwasher had (when the cycle stopped the dishes were dry), but even knowing this machine does not dry dishes, I'm still ver satisfied. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:41:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
75283413	I'm sorry for everything I did because this product sure was punishment for my deeds. No (positive) words can describe this product. Just don't do it. It didn't fit on the faucet, there are no faucet adaptors that complement the hose, and the hose is so heavy it pulls off the adaptor from the faucet. I hate defacing this product, but it seriously did not work for me. Maybe it will work for you, but don't say I didn't tell you so. You've been warned. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:44:25	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
47596702	I love my dishwasher.  It is so quiet! I love the extra space at the bottom where I can put cookie sheets and cutting boards.  My old dishwasher couldn't do that.  The silverware baskets are roomy.  The dishwasher looks nice and is easy for my kids to operate.  I've never had an issue with drying or the cleanliness of the dishes.  My family comments how this dishwasher is so much better than our 12 year old Whirlpool.  I read all of the reviews before purchasing this and was a little fearful due to all of the low ratings.  I made sure that I could return it if I was unhappy and they said absolutely so I took a chance and am happy.  I did call Samsung about a question and they answered the call promptly.  I had a small problem on the toe kick and they are sending out a replacement without any issues.  If you register online you can get an extra 3 months on your warranty so make sure to do that. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:44:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	small "toe kick" problem, which constitutes a performance defect. Though small, it is still a defect	true
88885730	This was the dishwasher that came with our house.  It seemed to work alright, it was mediocre at actually cleaning.  If any food dried on the plates, it wouldn't really clean it.  We almost have to wash them by hand anyway.  Worst part was that the motor/pump died on us, it wouldn't wash at all, just fill with water.  So I ordered a replacement motor/pump unit and replaced it, it worked againg (at least the pump did, it still wasn't so good at washing dishes).  Now, only 3 months later again the pump is going out, it makes an aweful noise now when running, and just sounds like a grinding type noise.  Overall there seem to be reliability issues with the motor. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:44:25	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
54317947	With just me and my husband at home, there#8217;s no need for a bigger dishwasher when this one does the job fairly well! It never fails to clean the dishes no matter how greasy or dirty they are. It#8217;s fairly quiet too compared to other dishwashers. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:44:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
88781907	I purchased this dishwasher in Oct of 2010 and had it professionally installed. As of April 2011 it's been nothing but problems. Just when you think it's working it stops in mid wash cycle. I have to hand wash glasses because it leaves crud in them on the top rack. The Samsung warranty person has been out twice to replace parts in the dishwasher that the error code flashes to say it's not working right (It stops in mid cycle). Repair person blamed the poor cleaning of the dishes on the EPA regulations about the amount of water dishwashers can use vs. the old models and the type of soaps we can't buy now that we used to.Now for the third time I've had to call 1-800-Samsung because the cycle is stopping and not finishing AGAIN! So another week of hand washing dishes again?!I really miss my 10 year old leaking Maytag dishwasher that had heat dry (this one doesn't), used lots of water and cleaned the dishes. I will avoid Samsung products in general because of other electronic products (Blu-Ray players) I've had from them that have been unpleasant experiences also. 	dlaw	10-24-2015 21:44:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	seems like a software issue with the dishwasher (component)	true
34207867	I own a Bosch and I would say there is a 90% chance that you will regret your decision to buy Bosch within 3 years. Bosch is at the top of Consumer Reports - they have no shame. My Bosch dishwasher is very, very quiet because it hardly ever works. In the past 3 years, I have had to replace the Electronic Control Unit at about $130 a pop. Yesterday it pooped out again. I'm going to buy a new dishwasher rather than fix the bosch again. Bosch is completely unreliable. It is the most unreliable thing I own! I will NEVER buy a Bosch again.The biggest problem with the Bosch is the Control Unit. Other problems include heater malfunction and the water inlet valve malfunctions. I have NEVER been so disappointed with any purchase as I am with the Bosch. For those of you who purchased a Bosch, and those of you who plan to purchase a bosch, you will want to keep [...] in your favorites.Good Luck! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:44:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
16499106	Any potential customers out there know what I mean when I say must have been designed by a man?  Well, this dishwasher looks good, and the ideas look really good on paper.  But for anyone who actually uses it ... you'll be on your knees plenty.  NOT DESIGNED BY ANYONE WHO USES IT!!!  The whole dishwasher salt thing ... first it's impossible to get dishwasher salt unless you order it online.  But the really exasperating part (which drove me to make my very first review here on Amazon) is that the dishwasher does not bother to communicate to you that the salt you have already added has been exhausted, until you need to add more salt ... which is when you try to start the dishwasher!!!  What that means to me is that the dishwasher is full of dishes (especially the hefty bottom rack), and I'm pressing the button for it to run.  But no ... it doesn't run.  It took me a while to realize that the reason it doesn't run is that the tiny, tiny little, little light on the dashboard says to add salt.  So once you have figured that out, if the bottom rack is full (as it usually is when you try to run the dishwasher), you are going to have to perform gymnastics suitable for the Olympics to wash your dishes.  If you can get the heavy-loaded bottom rack out as far as it will roll, you will then have to squat or bend over uncomfortably and (hopefully evading the dinner plates already loaded into position) utilize the Popeye-spinach forearm of your dominant hand to un-screw the plastic cover of the salt dispenser.  (For the first time, you will undoubtedly need to consult your Bosch Operating Instructions to find out where the salt dispenser is, so be sure they are handy ... as well as the dishwasher salt that you will have had to order online.)  Once you have managed to remove the plastic cover, you will need a funnel (Oh, sorry ... you don't have one?  Well, better get one!) so you can squat or bend over again and pour the precious dishwasher salt from some vessel into the tiny hole where the dishwasher salt goes.  OR ELSE YOU CANNOT WASH ANOTHER DISH ... EVER!!!  This happens most often when dinner guests are expected to arrive within an hour.  The really, really sucky thing for me is that my glasses still come out with spots on them, so often I have to wash them again by hand and dry them to remove the spots.  I would very much like to meet the person(s) who designed this high-end dishwasher.  I promise that, if you get in touch with me, I will pour you the cocktail or glass of wine of your choosing.  I would just like to know whether you have ever used this machine, and if so, how often ... and what curse words do you use when you have to add salt. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:44:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	nothing seems to be wrong with dishwasher. Just seems to be inconvenient to user.	true
28546243	I have had my Danby now for about five years, and it's been just great !  Now after many years of great service it developed a very small leak in the inlet water supply hose.  I will have it repaired.  And when this one finally dies, I'll buy another just like it..  If you do buy it, I guarantee you will love it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:44:23	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
83585730	Works great in my small kitchen until I renovate and install a large one. I like the little window...wash-a-wash-wash. It cleans everything as well as my $450+ valued one at the old house. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:44:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
75426920	This dishwasher is sharp all around. It looks rich (without having to pay an arm and a leg) and runs very quietly. We really like it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:44:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
56897612	Quick version:  DO NOT BUY THIS LEAKY, NOISY PIECE OF JUNK.  Long version: I know it's hard Whirlpool - as the dishwasher technology has only been around since the 70s - but could you make a door that closes without releasing drips of water EVERY time.  You have to close the door JUST RIGHT or else you'll have water leaking from the bottom of the door seal (not much at all but it should be zero).  Maybe that part is an instalation error but the fact that this machine is one year old and the other day it started making a lot of new noises is not a good sign of things to come.  Weird noises coming out of the pump.  We use this piece of junk about twice per week - MAYBE.  It's just my wife and I and our 5 year old child so it's not like we have a huge family filling the thing everyday.  So buyer beware, look around and you'll see Whirlpool is nothing but junk.  It's hard to find a review on these things that is positive.  And it's even harder to put together a set of Whirlpool appliances that gets all around good reviews.  Hopefully, people catch on quickly and don't get burned as we did. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:50:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
29753177	Agree with all the other reviews. For the price this should be a great machine; save your money  purchase a $300 dishwasher which will most likely perform better. KitchenAid should be ashamed of this unit. It does not clean, it is noisy  the drawer design does not allow for any reasonable dish placement. I see a class action lawsuit coming.  It's simply atrocious for the dollar. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:50:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	no specifc component, but multiple complaints about various aspects	true
54808716	I chose this dishwasher because of the features.  Different wash cycles, variable delay, and the ability to turn off the heat dry.  It did an ok job, but there was a huge learning curve for the loading it.  Cooking utensils had to be put on the top rack or the spary arm would not turn.  I could not put anything larger than a cereal bowl in front of the detergent dispenser or the door would not open.  These complaints are tolerable compared to my other ones.In less than 2 years I have had to replace the pump twice and the motor once.  When it stopped working completely I'd had enough and we went to buy a new one.  At the department store, the sales man told us that he would not sell a Frigidare to his worst enemy... that says something about the brand.  You could not give me another Frigidare or Electrolux appliance. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:50:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
76782666	The dishwasher is just how it was described: small and compact, but functional.The instructions were very unclear and caused some subsequent stress while putting everything together.Overall, I am satisfied with the product. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:50:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	assembly complaint	true
82213582	DW does what it says in ads so far.  Not happy with on-door utensil basket.  Always traps garbage between door and basket. Manufacture suggestion:  remove basket and/or relocate to take up dishes space on racks. Very quiet operation. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 00:50:11	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
88349166	We purchased this dishwasher in April 2011. I figured that with the price, it would be a great machine that would last a long time (it replaced a 25 year old Whirlpool whose pump had finally died). Plus the KitchenAid name can't be beat, right? Well, where shall I start? There is an intermittent leak from the lower right part of the door and every fifth wash I have a half-cup of water on my floor. After about a year, my husband pulled out the top rack to empty it and it exploded pieces of axel and wheels all over the kitchen and crashed to the bottom rack. That was a $70 fix, since the local appliance store just happened to have 4 of the wheel systems in stock for this model (wow, if that doesn't tell you something....). Now the top rack of dishes is not coming clean at all, not even measuring cups that only had oil in them. So I have half a dishwasher. On the bright side, since I don't use the top rack anymore, the wheels can't explode off of it again. If you are even considering this dishwasher, don't do it! It is by far the worst appliance purchase I have ever made. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 01:14:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
35791190	I really really don't like washing dishes, so I thought investing in one of these would be worth it. It really does clean the dishes well! It is fairly quiet and easy to hook up, turn on, and forget about it for a couple hours. My only complaint would be that it doesn't hold as many big pots and pans but of course it is a counter model so that's to be expected. Overall very happy not having to hand wash mountains of dishes! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 01:14:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		true
46039192	We took a chance on this dishwasher and decided to place it in our brand new custom home outfitted with GE Monogram and top of the line Bosch appliances.  After fifteen months of experience I am sorry to report that our decision was a mistake and that our expenditure of over 650 dollars was a waste.The bottom line is this:  the dishwasher does not clean well, no matter what the water condition, temperature, or the quality of detergent that you use.  The rack design is interesting but not intuitive, and it can sometimes be a challenge fitting dishes into the bottom rack.  Other than the flimsy and practically non-existent internal water heater, the top rack arm is the real weakness of this machine.  Our glasses consistently emerge from this dishwasher with a nasty film and food particles stuck on them.We decided to give the manufacturer a first and second chance and have had the machine serviced twice, both times under warranty.  Setting up the service was pretty straightforward, but nowhere near as easy as with Bosch.  We have learned our lesson; no more LG appliances in our home under any circumstances. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 01:14:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
52098659	I can hardly hear it running!It cleans dishes much better than our 19 year old KitchenAid.Hate the controls and indicators.  They're on the top of the door where they can't be seen.  Can't tell if dishes were washed, rinsed, or nothing. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 01:14:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
37733203	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, WhiteAWESOME is the word for this dishwasher.  As the saying goes, I'm a happy camper!  No negatives in this review!  I am most pleased, to say the least.  VERY quiet operation ... barely know it's running.  Does an excellent job of cleaning the dishes, and the dishes are dry in a matter of minutes, after the dishwashing cycle has ended.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase the SPT Countertop Dishwasher, again, and I definitely wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.  Without a doubt, it's a keeper!!Marcia  :o) 	dlaw	10-25-2015 01:14:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
50326145	The dishwasher looks nice but leaks tremendously. We are very disappointed in this product because we set it up exactly as the manufacturer stated, but during it's first wash, it leaked. I would like to contact the seller but cannot figure out how to do so. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 01:48:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Not certain where leak is so specific component defect	false
86335825	and Samsung's refusal to do the right thing. This DW replaced a Maytag that I'd used for 15 years. I have had this dishwasher for less than two years. In that time I've never been thrilled with it. Dishes came out filmy and streaked even with using Jet Dry. In that same period of time (20 months) I've had 4 different Samsung service calls out to look at it and one local appliance repair man. The first tech came only 2 months after purchase. Despite being outside of the one year warranty, subsequent repair calls were covered by Samsung who extended the warranty as a courtesy. This most recent issue has left me without an operable DW for 3 weeks and 3 attempts at repair (I consider this to be 1 service call as they were all related to the same particular issue). I have spoken to numerous reps from Samsungs' Executive Customer Service and while polite they were unable to do anything other than offer a temporary warranty extension to have the authorized repair center come out to service the machine. The repairs never did resolve the problem and my machine still stops running mid-cycle with displays of a 5E or SE error code. I've sent 2 different emails to Samsung about my dissatisfaction with their product. They seem to be unconcerned that the machine does not work at all after significantly less than two years. What a waste of money. I did research DWs before this original purchase and spoke with the department manager at Lowes who assured me that Samsung products were well made. What balogna! I strongly urge everyone to avoid Samsung DWs, maybe their other appliances are better made, but their unwillingness to help me replace this DW or offer a buy back or SOMETHING is very frustrating. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 01:48:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
1787392	Ran 2 cycles without dishes, and after running my first cycle with dishes in it, it ruined all of my normal, dishwasher safe, no problem with my old dishwasher dishes.  Every spot where the dish touched the rack, it put black marks on my white dishes.  Called Bosch, and they won't do anything about it.  It also doesn't dry the dishes very well at all.  The only decent thing about it is that it is very quiet. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 01:48:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44246435	it does a better job than i thought. it doesn't fit alot but it really does clean pot and pans without rinsing. cycle is a bit long but its better than a sore back and pruned fingers. fit perfect on my counter, matches the fridge, cheaper than most, wish i got it earlier! 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 01:48:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
19177527	Terrible in so many waysDreadful customer service, the warranty was a joke... Still waiting for a call from the Presidents OfficeDid not clean well, racks failed, electronics failed, pump failed32 months.. Forced to buy a replacement.. I ordered a Bosch with 5 years extended warranty 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 01:48:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33472295	When I purchased this drawer dishwasher, we were excited to be able to start downsizing kitchen chores, using less energy made sense as our children started going off to college. Based on our experiences with past KitchenAid appliances (a refrigerator we own and using a full sized dishwasher at the in-law's house) we were confident it was a good decision. Well, we couldn't have been more wrong! Within a month of installation (done by the dealer), we came home to find the kitchen floor flooded after leaving the dishwasher running when leaving for work, called the dealer who came out and replaced some of he hoses. Six weeks later, same problem, but this time we noticed that one of the covers over the vents on the inside of the front end had fallen off. This time we were told to call KitchenAid service since we were now using our extended warranty. A service call was made to our house to replace the cover which we now learned, had fallen off due to the plastic fingers that engage the vent opening in the front wall of the drawer had broken/worn off.Since then, KitchenAid has replaced the original dishwasher with a new one (we begged for a different model but they refused) and subsequently has dispatched a service rep more than 10 times to replace the same part, on both drawers, after leaking all over the floor, again. All of these visits have required that someone miss a day of work waiting for the repair, and the last time, the service rep had 6 new caps shipped to our house directly from KitchenAid parts, so we could replace them ourselves, after the kitchen floods. I have run out of this shipment of parts and will be placing a new service call to have someone come out again, another day of missed work, and replace the same cover. For this much money, at least KitchenAid should stand behind their product instead of hiding behind it. They should have recalled these a long time ago for all of the problems and poor performance.The worst kitchen appliance I have ever owned and the last KitchenAid appliance I will ever buy. Don't buy it. I am looking at a Samsung as a replacement since I am afraid of the permanent damage to the flooring and cabinets. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 02:52:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
72754502	Dishes will not stand up the tines are adjustable and all the dishes fall once you get the dishwasher loaded. We Have to zip tie them into place to keep them from falling. Oh and make sure you wash your dishes well before putting them in the dishwasher because they will not come out clean. We bought all new appliances from Thermador 4 years ago 2 ovens, stove microwave and this dishwasher .We are very pleased with everything except the dishwasher. It is very disappointing that a expensive presumed to be high end appliance is so cheaply made. The only thing good I can say about it is quiet. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 02:52:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
87831309	Pleasing to the eyes,easy for plumber to install,does good job on dishes,delivery was professional,very happy.would recommend over big box store experience. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 02:52:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80549165	My new dishwasher has bit the dust after 16 months.  It first malfunctioned after 13 months (one month out of warranty) when the heating element quit.  We replaced it, and the price was not too bad. Soon thereafter the second heating element burned a hole in the plastic tub. I suspect that whatever controls the heating element caused both failures.  The price of a replacement tub was almost as much as a new dishwasher.  I asked Whirlpool for help. They were no help at all.  I am unhappy with the company, and more unhappy with their product.On the bright side, it worked reasonably well (nothing spectacular) before it died completely. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 02:52:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
81295903	16 months ago I bought a Samsung dishwasher. Now the dishwasher does not work. Both companies have refused to repair or replace the dishwasher. When it did work, the quick mode run time is 1 hour and 20 min. Normal mode cycle run time 5 hrs. The Heavy run time is forever and still the dishes are dirty. So wash dishes by hand then put in dishwasher. Dishes will not dry unless you open the door after it finishes the run. I sincerely hope this helps someone from wasting their money! As for me I will NEVER buy anything from Samsung again. Too bad one can't rate less than 1. The Samsung dishwasher is JUNK. Repair cost $476.00. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 02:52:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61391561	Whirlpool WDF530PAYWVery nice product for under $400.00 Including S/H. Does the job with a price tag that won't kill the family budget!Easy to installWorks as describe 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:21:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56646194	I've had this dishwasher for about 2 months and have been very very happy.  Our old dishwasher was LOUD compared to this one.  We have to check w/ the light to make sure it is running.  We are a family of three and run the dishes every other day. I don't like to waste water by pre-rinsing my dishes.  I scrap off visible food and simply load.  My dishes come out clean.  My glasses are not cloudy.  I did read the reviews and use powder detergent and the rinse agent.  Having no problems.Have heard of the smell issue but I make sure there is not much food debris before I load so there is not much in the trap to collect.  I would recommend this dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:21:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23415879	This dishwasher works amazingly well, and is a great size. It fits perfect in our small apartment kitchen and helps us get our dishes done consistently. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:21:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20597463	Fits perfectly on my counter next to the sink. Get's things clean and spot-free, so long as you fill the rinse container with a good rinse agent.I love that the bottom strainer is easy to remove and clean between washes. I usually wash by hand as I use dishes, but occasionally fall behind. This has been great for helping me through finals weeks when I just don't have time. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:21:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
35628092	This dishwasher is only 3 years old and the fuse is burned out and the control panel has to be replaced. This service will cost as much as getting a new one. Also, the cycles take way too long. Don't buy this. Is nice looking, but this is not a good choice. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:21:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62036644	Horrible!  Horrible product, horrible service, horrible customer (not) care.  I spent over 5 months with serviceman after serviceman begging Dacor to fix this machine.  It never in the entire 5 months I owned it (yes, purchased NEW) cleaned a full load of dishes.  Dacor would not return my calls, acted very uncaring and in the end, ignored me until I was so tired of having a torn up kitchen with dishes piled everywhere (we have 5 kids and a teeny kitchen with a small single bowl kitchen sink - a dishwasher is more than a luxury item for us) they finally offered me a pitiful settlement to buy the until back.  I accepted only because I didn't have any more fight left in me.  Now I have enough cash from them to go buy a cheapo builders grade unit and live with a 6 hole in my cabinets.  Maybe at least my dishes will be clean.  So much for my dream kitchen.I will never ever buy or recommend dacor for anything.  I don't care if someone offers you one for free, it's still to much for this piece of junk. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:57:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Unclear what component failed	false
81461957	We've had this LG for about 18 months. We were sold on the looks + the minimal noise level. Both of those factors have lived up to expectation.Unfortunately, this dishwasher has never worked well for us. By the time we realized it was not a great machine, we were stuck with it. At first, we thought we weren't loading it right. Then we thought we needed to up our water temperature. Then we figured it must be the dishwasher detergent or the rinsing agent. We kept trying and adjusting things, assuming the problem wasn't the washer itself.Essentially, about a 2 months into it, we realized that this is a bad product.Now, 18 months later it doesn't work. A technician came today (thank goodness we bought a warranty) and said it had a broken part that would take 10 days to arrive.At this point we are ready to cut our losses ($700+) and just go buy a new washer.Would not recommend to anyone. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:57:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
89975213	The best dishwasher I have owned. Ever.I am waiting for a sale to buy another to add on the other side of the sink.Consumer Reports gives it very high marks and recommends it.I bought this at Best Buy and used it for 9-10 months. It has improved our daily routines, given us more relaxed evenings of entertaining, and FINALLY automated washing completely. Of course it cleans. The boon is that IT DRIES. REALLY.Several reviewers mention drainage problems, error E24, and having had repair calls. We had a draining problem and the E24 on the display. The Bosch tech solved it in 3.5 minutes by opening the drain assembly at the bottom of the tub and rinsing the filter. Duh. The soap scum had deposited and clogged the fine filter. Tech said not to use liquid detergent (I used Costco's Kirkland) but switch to the little self-contained capsules. I now use the Cascade variety that Bosch recommends and all is fine. It is unreasonable to run gallons of dirty soapy water through a filter and expect no clogging. It takes a minute to open the assembly, remove the filter, and clean it in the sink.Here below I paste my own review, originally posted on Best Buy:What's great about it:Everything works as expected. Fire and forget.What's not so great:No complaints.Everything works as expected. It's not so much that it does anything astonishing per se: what really takes the cake is that it does what it promises very well.Drying is perfect even on plastics. The programs are exactly what is needed, without fuss. Besides its external beauty, the design of the interior is spot on, pun intended. it allows any reasonable configuration with great economy of space. the utensil basket is simple and perfectly functional.The whole system reflects attention to detail and careful research. We were considering making room for a second dishwasher, but this one is so perfect that it defies duplication!This product is...Convenient for time-delayAcceptable level of noiseWell-matched to my appliancesEasy to load adjustable racksUseful settings or cyclesAble to deliver spotless dishes Great at drying dishesAbout me...Budget Conscious  Always get the deal  An appliance snob  everyday user  Design consciousI would recommend this to a friend! 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:57:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86137505	Lots of people seem to dislike this unit, but we've had it for nearly a year now without any issues.  It's quiet, easy to use and works great.  I installed it myself with no issues and it has worked nearly flawless (much better than our 15 year old Maytag).  I like the adjustable top rack and the utensil tray works great!We've been very happy with this one. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:57:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87631120	Bought this in Oct 2008 and it has worked great for over a year.  Great for apartments and a relationship saver.It's now Dec 2009 and the dishwasher stopped working. Apparently, the thermostat or heater element is not functioning properly.  We've owned this for over twelve months so we're outside of the warranty; we have to pay for parts and labor ourselves.  If service maintenance costs more than a new dishwasher will we end up buying this model again?.  Probably. 	Jsargent	10-25-2015 03:57:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
85104070	Neither the store -- Corbeil in Ottawa -- or Samsung cares that this product doesn't clean dishes. Plates need to be at least 3 spaces apart, and even at that, I had to thoroughly rinse them before putting them in the dishwasher. Even small amounts of coffee grinds or rice or sesame seeds will end up stuck to glassware, unless they have been thoroughly removed. It's quiet, and that may be it's only good quality. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:09:10	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
26339674	Although it took a while for it to arrive, it was worth the wait.  The dishwasher is advertised as being very quiet, but you really have no idea what that means.  It is so quiet that when it is running you need to look at the lights to make sure it is on.  On top of that it does what it is intendeded to do. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:09:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56609481	Promptly shipped.  Received in perfect condition and enjoying the quite wash, clean dishes!  I highly recommend this dishwasher for ease of use, too! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:09:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14615403	it's a great dishwasher. i was able to get it at a better price than anywhere local and i used my credit card points. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:09:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51434815	we bought ours less than two years ago because it was supposed to be the quietest from lowes......what a joke...it takes TWICE as long to wash because of the quiet feature and NOW it is making SO MUCH NOISE it's ridiculous.....the one that we had before LASTED Almost 20 years---wish i could remember what it was. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:09:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
75152719	this is kind of a double review as i have had two bosch appliances over the last several years. when our haier dishwasher went we bought this unit and when we had nothing but probs with a first generation maytag front load washer we picked up a bosch washer too...based upon the name which i new well and associated with quality. the washer motors brushes went and i was surprised to find bosch had no replacements but only offered a new motor for over $200, customer service offered no sympathy either. the rest of the machine was still working well but i did not know if it was worth the price of a motor or looking for a new machine. we use it at least every other day for several loads. so it gets usedhard. found a place online in the  uk that had brushes for a euro version of the model but also found same dimension brushes on an electrical site here in the us. had to detail the two brushes a bit with a file but they fit and are working well for 26 bucks shipped. if you check online searches you will find lots of folks complaining about this prob when the brushes go. as for the dishwasher...best i can say it is quiet. it never ever cleaned as well as our much cheaper haier. no matter what detergent or differing amounts of jet dry it just never cleaned well and always left streaks/clouding on glassware. read too many complaints of the same nature with no suggestions from bosch other than blaming the water! finally, tried using a miele detergent and it definitely improved the wash quality, the tabs are available here on amazon, but they are pricey. the biggest complaint that despite almost hand washing items that went in, there was always particles stuck on things,mostly the glasses on the top rack. i will take part blame as i was aware it has,like other euro brands,a filter instead of a processor in the bottom. what we found was that these particles were never getting trapped in the filter but rather getting shot all over the washer. i would NEVER recommend to anyone to get a washer with just a filter. aside from the need to constantly clean it just doesnt appear it will get rid of the dirt and washes your dishes with the grime just rinsed off over and over again.although it was still working like the day we got it a couple years ago we made the decision to set it out at the curb for trash and i picked up a floor model LG via lowes for a couple hundred off. time will tell but so far could not be happier. washes superbly, has the disposal feature, even more quiet,fits pots and pans better and we were able to go back to grocery store available detergent tabs. great welcome to lg family after registering too and i have read nothing but good reviews about how customer service handles concerns. would highly recommend. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:11:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67611981	I thought buying this expensive dishwasher was the smart thing to do because you get what you pay for right? Wrong! Total piece of crap. The cheaper dishwashers work better, should have gone with ANY other brand and only spent about $500.00 to $600.00. Error 1 constantly only there is NO LEAK! Never cleaned the dishes very well for the money we spent and its not that quiet....well now it is because it has stopped working all together and now I have to hand wash everything! Thanks electrolux for stealing my money, I hope your company goes bankrupt and stops ripping people off! I will NEVER waste my money on anything made by electolux ever again. Do yourself a favor and buy a cheaper brand because they last years longer! I had this hunk of junk for less than 2 yrs, I rate it ZERO stars but have one finger in the air for the company that made it........ 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:11:58	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	This now was hard to tag. I don't really know how to tag "It stopped working all together"	false
23161618	We spent $900 on a Bosch and are very disappointed.  The unit cleaned marginally for the first few months, but now is completely unacceptable and leaves dishes with a crusty residue.  We have consistently done all of the manufacturer-recommended preventive maintenance (keeping filters and spray nozzles clean, etc.), but the unit does not clean.Does not compare to our old Magtag.  Will never buy a Bosch product again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:11:58	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28805455	Had a Miele at the last house.  New house had ancient, noisy kitchen aide.  Thought we could do with an upgrade, so ended up getting this one because it was on sale, and I loved the utensil rack of the Miele.  Pros:  very quiet, and doesn't use a lot of water.  Cons:  does not clean all that well (pasta sauce still sticks to plastic), utensil rack prevents washing long stemmed wine glasses, stuff still comes out wet, even with the sanitize option, long wash cycles, sometimes utensil rack sticks and prevents door from shutting, utensil rack not user friendly.  All in all very disheartening given the cost.  I wish I had just paid the extra to get another Miele.To show I'm not just a grump, I loved my Nissan Maxima. . . cuisinart griddler is great. . . Creative computer speakers are great. . .etc. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:11:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
7356688	I bought this dishwasher about 5 months ago and it's still working like when I took it out of the box!! I use the little tablets and I just throw them in the dispenser on the door but make sure they're in the one marked 25 or it will get stuck.I have never had a single problem with this unit. Occassionaly I have to tighen up the hoses that connect to the faucet adapter but that's simply from moving it around so much. I have a cart that I have it set up on and I just move it out of the kitchen when not in use.My question is, Has anyone ever used this and left their home? I'm confident in it that I would do that but I'm just not sure if it'd be ok after the cycle was done. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:11:58	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
23248396	We have not even had ours 4 years.  We are having to replace the main console for a 3rd time.  We had it replaced under warranty in the first year. Now it is going to cost us as much to replace the broken latch and console as it costs to buy one! It is so sad, now a days America had become a disposable society.  I am going to look for a brand of dishwasher that will last! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:17:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71302107	I must have used this Dishwasher for less than 20 times and the control panel gave up....Maytag would not take any responsibility for it and they were so rude that they would not come to look at it because the recall is on the heating element and if it is not operable, they will charge me $150.00 just for the visit. I would go back to the old style panel, because spending all this money for new technology is a total waste. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!! I WOULD NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING MAYTAG...SIMPLE!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:17:18	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
48357524	We just bought this to replace a Bosh.  The Bosh was highly rated in Consumer Reports but it drove us crazy when cooking sheets or casserole dishes couldn't fit.  We actually have two dishwashers, side by side in out kitchen so that when one is full, we can start the next. We seldom have to get out the hand dishwashing soap. We had a Maytag and a Bosh and found that the maytag fit the big stuff and Bosh didn't. We went shoping with this in mind and found that the Maytag models had the best racks.  The top rack has a shallow side and deep side.  So the cookie sheets have plenty of room on Left where the top is shallow. We love loading in those big items that actually fit. If you use a dishwasher just for plates and cups it just doesn't matter. We may be lazy but we like to put everything possible in the dishers.  THANK YOU Maytag designers for making the best racks out there! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:17:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49296979	Add us to the list of people who have had major problems with the upper rack.  The little wheels are made out of cheap plastic and the plastic clips that hold them in place are even cheaper.  We have had the dishwasher for just under 2 years and this is the THIRD time this has happened.  It is a major problem because the upper rack is unusable without those clips to hold the wheels in place.There was one commenter with the same problem who said it was not covered by the warranty.  Don't let them tell you that!  There is a 5 year warrantly on certain component parts and the nylon dish racks are on the list (as are the electronic controls, for what that's worth).  It's on page 18 of the manual, so have that handy in case you get someone who is difficult when you call KitchenAid.We also have a new top-end KitchenAid refrigerator.  It's less than a year old and its broken once already.  They came out to fix the problem but the fix didn't work.We are done with KitchenAid!Hi, I posted this review exactly 8 days ago.  The new adjuster assembly arrived yesterday so I can fix this problem.  And guess what?  The same part on the other side of the top rack broke.  This is now the FOURTH time we have had to get this repaired.Double done with KitchenAid! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:17:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73145852	This DishDrawer looks fantastic and the design concept is excellent. But do not buy one.  We have had ours for 10 months.  It worked for 2 weeks.  Since then we have had 8 visits from engineers who have replaced almost the entire unit in turn without success.  Fisher and Paykel said they would replace the whole unit but have since gone back on their word despite the engineers condemning it as irreparable.  I can appreciate that occasionally dishwashers breakdown, even really expensive ones, but the standard of customer service from Fisher and Paykel has been truly awful.  The service engineers who are equally frustrated have told us our experience is not uncommon.  I could not possibly recommend Fisher and Paykel.  When you really like the idea of a product it is easy to ignore negative reviews but please save yourself the months of trouble and disappointment and buy a different dishwasher - like a Bosch! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:17:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	It just says that it stopped working.. so what was wrong with it?	false
60462194	I bought this dishwasher after having a Maytag that functioned perfectly with no repairs for 25 years. When we remodeled the kitchen, it was time to update the dishwasher, too. What a mistake!! This dishwasher is quiet and cleans well, but that's where the benefits end. The front panel went dead after 10 months of operation. Luckily, the service call was covered under warranty. Today, 14 months after purchasing the DW and 6 months after the repair, the front panel is again dead. This time, I'll be paying for the service call!! The front panel is so sensitive, that it turns on by itself or stops in mid-cycle with no option to resume the cycle when I simply lean on it to get something from the cabinet above. It has a lock feature, but of course, it is not on when the dishwasher is in a cycle. I so regret buying this dishwasher. Do yourself a favor and buy another brand. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:22:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20837022	I have owned multiple dishwashers over the years and this one is clearly the best.  It is incredibly solid and well built, heavy with stainless steel interior.  It fits well in my smallish apartment, and uses less water than hand washing by my crude tests.  Buy one now! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:22:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88109555	The first arrived damaged and it was replaced. The second leaked and had to be fixed by a repairman. It is working fine now. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:22:12	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
32775072	I have had this same dishwasher in white in my home for 3 weeks and it worked great. Then it stopped working and I had an E20 error code. You have to use a Bosch appliance selected company for warranty work, but they have so few it takes at least a week to get a service person to diagnose the problem. Then the Texas parts distributor for Bosch is out of the parts and they have to be shipped by truck from N.C,which will take Bosch 4-5 days, then they have to be sent to your repair person so at least 2 weeks have now passed and you have no dishwasher. After several calls with service department at Bosch they said I could pay for the parts myself and for shipping from Bosch in N.C.~ not much of a warranty. This is their top if the line product and expected someone in customer service to say they were sorry for my problem with a new dishwasher and would work to resolve my problem. Bosch Service representatives are bored and give you a different story every time you call. I would advise you not to purchase a Bosch because service is terrible if you need it. JBW 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:22:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"It stopped working" should be a complain option.	false
62139888	+1 to comments by Ariel. The built-in water softener was a bit of a surprise...#34;dishwasher salt#34; not anything carried by HomeDepot, Lowe's, Sears or a supermarket. The only place to get it is online. Cycle time on Auto is 2-1/2 hours, including drying time (Sanitize), unless you use the Speed Cycle, 30 minutes, which is a pretty big difference. Because the capacity is large, we've only had to run it once a week so we still pre-rinse. Great results using only a tablespoon of dish detergent or one gel cap plus a rinse aide: dishes, flatware and glasses come out spotless. Use Google to see what each letter and number in the model name means so you can pick the right dishwasher for your needs. The interior sizes are the same but you pay extra for degrees of quiet, a third shelf and drying effectiveness. Looks to me like that except for different handles, Thermador are the same as Bosch except for handles..you're paying extra for the name. Pretty happy with ours so far (installed it myself the week before New Year's Day). 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:22:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72602907	This is fantastic. This is my third.  I always ha a dirty Set waiting for additions and one of clean Fisher.This one though makes the glasses sparkle.  I have one of the previous models.  This is much improved.  I put mine in, not stacked but in separate parts of the room to avoid the bending for the lower racks. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:25:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52204831	Love it!  Works better than I expected.  Do check that the rear hoses are tight before first use, mine came connected but not tightly at all.  I made sure to check before use based on the other reviews and after tightening there wasn't a single drop of water that leaked.  Holds a surprising amount considering. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:25:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31013753	Well as of now my review of this item is very low, as it is not working.  It arrived late, then the hook up was done and it is not working.  I called Bosch and they said (flippantly and with no apology whatsoever) that it was broken - this after they had me push a sequence of buttons to determine the problem.  I now have to wait another week to get a Bosch technician here.  We shall see, but I'm not too happy at this point. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:25:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Where does "hook up" fall under?	false
72754502	Dishes will not stand up the tines are adjustable and all the dishes fall once you get the dishwasher loaded. We Have to zip tie them into place to keep them from falling. Oh and make sure you wash your dishes well before putting them in the dishwasher because they will not come out clean. We bought all new appliances from Thermador 4 years ago 2 ovens, stove microwave and this dishwasher .We are very pleased with everything except the dishwasher. It is very disappointing that a expensive presumed to be high end appliance is so cheaply made. The only thing good I can say about it is quiet. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:25:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15779426	We just bought this dishwasher. I had difficulty when accessing the options mode. When you are in an options mode, and wish you choose an option, you are supposed to press the lt; button and then blinking LED lights (as indicated in the instructions manual) will be visible, and you keep pressing the lt; button until you have the correct # of blinking LED lights for your choice.  Well, wrong!  We tried and tried, and could not get the LED lights to blink.  Finally called Bosch. Rep walked me through it, and basically the lights DO NOT BLINK when it is time to choose the option, they remain a Solid Red Light.  Who knew? We kept trying to make them blink and they wouldn't. This really needs correcting in the manual.Doesn't dry as well as I would like, even though I did choose the extra dry option in the options mode.The top rack is poorly designed; hard to fit cups and glasses in there. First day I used it, a glass broke on the top rack - that has never been a issue with past dishwashers I have owned. Now I am wary of how I stack the glasses.I do like the quietness of the machine. I like the way the machine looks.Overall, I'm OK with this new dishwasher, but I am not thrilled about it.  Since there are just 2 of us, it will work out for us. However, if I had a bigger family, I would probably not be happy due to design of the top rack and the fact that it does not dry nearly as well as my old dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:25:38	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43627889	See my review of my previous dishwasher-----This time I researched Customer Service and weighed it most heavily in my decision to buy this LG.  Stated simply, I didn't find any negative feedback concerning their customer service---check that out for yourself.  Most owners of LG appliances praise their Customer Service.  As far as the ratings of dishwashers what I found was that all makes and models have good and bad reviews----and that the all dishwasher makes and models have good and bad reviews as to their performance if not  their customer service.  I have friends that own LG appliances and heard nothing buy praise for the way LG handles customer service issues.  So I bought this one with hi hopes.  It was easy to install-did that myself---and the wife immediately got heavily involved----at first she thought the instructions were daunting---there are so many variables to control---light steam, heavy steam, combinations of ways to 'set' a cycle---like maybe you want to wash only the top or the bottom level---or you may want to adjust the  'pressure' of the top or bottom---all of this an a myriad of things you can do----so much versatility.  But then she noticed that way the touch control module was set up and it all became clear----all of those variable settings easily set forth and she now knows how to use them all.  And she did---washed every dish in the china cabinet and about every pot and pan and spare dish and silverware ---all the fancy glasses and whatever she could find.  Every piece----on every cycle and combination of features she tried CAME OUT ABSOLUTELY SPARKLING CLEAN---EVERYTHING JUST SHINES.  WOW!  In the short time we've had it we have yet to find a single shred of anything left on anything.  Even dried milk in the bottom of a glass will come out sparkling clean.  She does use a rinsing agent as recommended ---but she's always used that and her previous dishwasher never did turn out dishes as sparkling clean and sanitary as this dishwasher----we love it.  If we had to find a 'con' I'd say that this one isn't as quiet as our last one---it's possible to hear that this one is running-particularly when it is discharging water---but even then you would really have to be paying close attention to know that it's running at all.  Unless you are really paying attention and listening closely you would not be aware that it was running.  An additional bonus that we like is that we can see the indicator lights telling us where it is at in it's cycle---and if we really want to know how much time is left we can see that on a digital countdown display located on top of the door just under the counter---even with the door fully covered by the countertop.  I guess we give it hi praise and she just loves it which makes me so glad I bought it----I am secure in the knowledge that if or when I need customer service ---it will be there without if's, and's, buts,  or maybe's.  These people know how to take care of their customers---I know because I have an LG refrigerator and they came back to us to correct a problem that we weren't even aware of---and we have friends who personally have had very good customer service on appliances that they own------With all of that said, of course, we know that there are other good appliances out there----and the good ones aren't cheap. I figure though that any company that commits to take care of their customers deserves my business and I think LG is head and shoulders above the rest in that respect.EDIT--UPDATE  OK---we have been using this dishwasher now for some time and my wife has tried to trick it to see if she could find something that would not come out sparkling clean----today it passed the ULTIMATE TEST with flying colors----the old dried on egg yoke on a plate and on a fork trick.  Our experience has always been that  the egg yoke would not wash off entirely---in fact--the remaining egg yoke would bake on in the drying cycle. .  NOT THIS TIME.  Both the Fork and the plate came out sparkling clean.  We now believe there is nothing you could put in there that won't come out clean and sparkling---------We absolutely love this dishwasher---it's the best one we've ever had---and that includes the old time Maytags of 35 years ago that shook the whole house when in cycle----even they, as good as they were (then) , don't compare to this LDF 8072 ST----Also---the stainless steel finish on this unit is really good quality.  Use a little Pledge special surface spray on cleaner on it (if you can find that product) and it will shine and resist fingerprinting  and always looks nice and clean.Edit---update 1/17/2013 This dishwasher continues to impress.  We've grown  familiar with the many settings and found the ones that work with light, medium or really tough baked on material----and the fact is that you almost can't go wrong---they will come clean in spite of anything you might do with the settings---it's just that my wife doesn't have to use excessive cleaning ability when doing lightly soiled dishes.  and we have a major 'event' to report.  From the beginning the bottom rack sometimes caused a minor problem in that it glides along a built in 'rail' as you push it in or pull it out.  Occasionally, it would slide off the 'rail'--tipping itself down into the bottom of the dishwasher - and we'd have to reach down and set it back in place.  This was a minor problem but a problem nevertheless.  Finally, I pulled it out and examined it in detail and see that one of the wheels (there are 8 total) was skewed out of line and also it's axel was bent so that it was taking more than it's share of the load and was tending to drive itself off the rail.  I probably could have bent that back in line using a vice grips but was afraid that doing so might scrape off the  rubberized protective layer and maybe rusting would start------So I called Customer Service.  They immediately replied that was a known problem---that had also been reported by some of their other customers---and they immediately agreed to send me a replacement bottom rack----which I believe is on the way as this is being written.  This justifies what I have always believed----That LG Customer Service is the best in the business.  We continue to believe that we have the best dishwasher available----best one we ever had. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:28:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes	This one was hard, most was positive but there were a few things that were negative	false
17979679	I like that this dishwasher is easy to assemble (no special tools required), easy to use (straightforward, same rules apply for loading like any other dishwasher), and you know EXACTLY how much time each cycle takes (peruse manual). 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:28:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
30814183	In less than 2 years this dishwasher has croaked. The sump pump assembly needs to be replaced at a cost of about $350!  Kitchen Aid is willing to do nothing. I have had several other dishwashers and none has been this unreliable. Stay away from this product! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:28:51	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
42088019	This review has nothing to do with Amazon.. it is strictly about the LG LDF7932ST dishwasher and the experience we've had with it.We acutally purchased it from a very well-known company that sells appliances.  We purchased this to replace our  GE Profile that was recalled (for a potential fire hazard issue). We (thought) we hated that GE dishwasher.. really loud, steam hole spouting up from the top, falling apart inside, two motor replacements, you name it - and now, it was a fire hazard.If I could find it in the dump heap and re-install it in place of this LG, I would!Things we like:It's quiet - really quiet - I love this about it.It plays nice little tunes (my daughter thinks that's creepy)It looks good from the outsideIt looks good from the inside (the first day).mmmmm...thinking... thinking.. nah.. that's it.Things we're not crazy about:Control panel: inside on the top of the door. This seemed to be the trend with a lot of the new dishwashers. OK if you don't want to see it, but we prefer the controls on the outside, we've learned!The ODOR: It STINKS! This is the real deal-breaker for us. The first few times we ran it, I thought it was just new dishwasher smell, but it smells so bad when it is washing.. it stinks up the whole kitchen / family room area. Like a mix of hot, detergenty, dirty, thick water. We use the same detergent  rinse agent that we used with our GE, but I can say that the GE machine NEVER smelled...  Only normal, fresh, clean, smell.  To this day, I keep coming in saying.. what's that odor?.. and the kids reply.. oh, it's just the dishwasher.The pump is fine.. there is no residual water in the bottom, so it's not stagnant wateranywhere (that we know of), but the thing just smells REALLY BAD.  I thought having the stainless steel interior somehow would make things even cleaner.. but well..The cleaning: In my opinion, it does NOT clean very well.  Take advice from the previous reviewer that said that it was wise to use the rinse agent. Otherwise, there is a definite haze over the dishes, and even tons of residue streaks on the inside stainless door that are left from the liquid diswashing detergent as it comes out of it's little panel door.  That said, when the rinse agent is used, they do come out a bit cleaner, but honestly, not as clean as the old GE.. we thought this might improve with time (somehow), but along with the awful smell it leaves, it just leaves the dishes smelly and not feeling clean. :(The detergent door:  Not an earth shattering issue, just a note.  Instead of every other dishwasher I've owned, where you twist the detergent door closed, this one has to flip up, popping open toward the inside of the dishwasher.. so, once, when my daughter put a cookie sheet or other pan (can't recall) in the front of the bottom shelf, and ran the dishwasher, the detergent door was too close and couldn't flip open, so, we had to wash again after re-arranging the pans.  If the detergent door could twist open, it wouldn't have been an issue. Not sure why they went with that flip open design.Racks: As for an earlier review description of the rack versatility, that is very accurate, and there is a lot of flexibility there. We've never had a problem with them going off the track. They seem nice and sturdy, and stay where you put them.  For some reason, our old GE had a bottom rack that would roll back in by itself.. we would have to hold it out to fill it. Personally, though, I think that the rung/prong angles are just a bit strange (some tilt outward like a \/ shape instead of straight up |) and I find it difficult to throw a pot on top because it won't go straight down over the rungs..  I'm not crazy about it, but then again, there's not much about this dishwasher that I do like.We will be replacing it  - if anyone wants one, free....  ; )-----------------------------------------  UPDATE NOVEMBER 2013 -----------------------------------------Yes, yes.. we suffered with this hunk of junk until it started leaking water out of the bottom of the front door onto our hardwood kitchen floor in Nov 2013.Can I just say that I was actually THRILLED that this thing finally broke? (no, really!!)  I was also ecstatic to find out that two very well respected local repairmen said they couldn't touch this machine because LG parts were so difficult to get a hold of.  YAY!  This meant I could FINALLY get rid of this and get a new dishwasher!We wound up purchasing theGE PDT750SSFSS Profile 24 Stainless Steel Fully Integrated Dishwasher - Energy Star. So far, so good - works very well and no stink!! (Will review this GE properly on it's own page later. )So, GOODBYE LG.  Sorry, you and your family of appliances will not be invited back into our home. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:28:51	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
75857924	I actually bought one of these used off of Craigslist -I was happy as a lark to have my little Danby and set it up on a microwave cart/island, ecstatic to have some help with my dishes and pleased as punch at the good job it did even with substituing a baby bottle utensil rack for the missing one. After about a week or two, I was running the dishwasher and almost slipped in a puddle on the kitchen floor -having had a couple issues hooking it up the first time (oops, left that rubber washer in my pocket! -oh, and I guess I didn't get that tight enough!) I immediately checked the hoses, then let out a cry of dismay as I saw the water was leaking from the FRONT -from the WINDOW!!! -not sure, but it looks as though someone may have reglued the window once already :-( I have some Gorilla Glue (100% waterproof!) but it says on the bottle that it won't work on polyethylene or polypropylene plastics, and it's not like there's a little recycling symbol anywhere on the window so how do I know what kind of plastic it is?  Guess I'll be heading to the hardware store on my next day off... I won't give up on you, my little Danby!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:28:51	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
30260888	I've had this product for two years.  It cleans my dishes great and I've had no problems with it like the other people. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:40:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85817637	Beautifully designed but performs poorly.  It doesn't clean as well as most full size models.  Wash cycles are long, about 2 hours.  Must rinse and pre-wash dirty dishes before washing otherwise there will be spots.  Don't believe you can save energy and water after all.It's also a little noisier than full size models in this price range.  The small draws prevents washing large pots and pans, sometimes large plates as well. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:40:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component that are causing these complaints	false
46702306	As others have complained about I will add the following....in one week the following happened....three of the four cheap plastic wheel pins broke sending the top tray crashing down on the dishes below. Next, a leak on the lower right side on my new wood floors, nice. Finally the washer gave up for dead last night, a Saturday after a dinner party, when it was needed most.  Three hours of hand washing later and I'm finished.Whirlpool should be extremely embarassed by this product, but I'm sure that they aren't. They should do the right thing and pull the washer off the retail floor, send out a recall and give everyone their money back. The bashing they get will do more harm then just giving people their money back. In a nutshell, if you buy this dishwasher you have been sufficiently warned, you will waste your money. I'll go out spend $800 on a nice Bosch like I had in my other house and it will do what I need it to do without the aggravation... it will wash and wash and wash and wash.... brilliantly! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:40:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that caused these complaints	false
79735186	This dishwasher was actually one of the gifts given to the audience on one of the Ellen Degeneres shows. Our friend didn't need it, so she sold it to us for less than retail. Once it was installed, I noticed how cheap the sliding pull out racks were. I also noticed that the spray arms / wands were plastic. We have had better quality dishwashers over the years and as I recall, all the spray arms were metal. I must say that it was very quiet and worked fine for about three weeks.After about the third week, the door started making a very loud and annoying squeaking sound every time it was opened and closed. I had a repairman out two different times. He tried lubricating the hinge but because the problem was actually deeper into the unit, squirting it with WD-40 only helped for a few days. (I was told later by an appliance tech that this model was not built with adequate wheel rollers that are used with the tension line which operates the counter balance on the door)I finally convinced Electrolux (the mother company) to replace it, but nobody followed through for us for weeks. In the mean time, the spray arm located on the top of the unit fell completely off. I was able to snap it back into place because it is made of cheap plastic. It kept falling off again during use. I was so upset that I contacted Electrolux and insisted on talking to the furthest person up the line I could get to so I could honestly tell them that I was so surprised what a lousy product Electrolux would sell. I know it's got Frigidaire's name on it, but it is an Electrolux product. I told them that we have had one of their bullet-proof vacuum cleaners for 20 years, so assumed they were a quality company and couldn't believe they would sell such a horrible dishwasher. From that point on, I can say that their customer service kicked in and they stepped up their efforts and arranged to have it replaced qickly. The Gallery was out of stock so they upgraded me to the top of the Frigidaire line Professional series and it was delivered within one week. I had the appliance man carefully open this top of the line machine up and upon me seeing the exact cheap racks and plastic wash arms, I had him put the box back together and leave it with me. I sold it cheap, new in the box off Craig's list and am now again looking for a quality dishwasher just as you are. Do not buy this dishwasher! You will be sorry. I read the other review on this same model and could only shake my head. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:40:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38436182	We bought this stainless steel dishwasher about a month ago. I loved the look and the price, along with its touted quality. After many uses, however, I am not very impressed. I hope that with a different detergent I will get better results.Pros:-it's pretty.-you can put a lot of plates in it.-it's very quiet.-it has lots of timing options.-it has a cool sounding ding when you press the buttons (which are hidden: an added pro).-price, considering its appearance.-built-in garbage disposal. (I do feel that this is somewhat misleading, since if you put your dishes in with that much food on them, the likelihood of them coming out clean is low.)Cons:-I have only used one detergent in it (Electrasol Advanced), but have repeated trouble with unclean dishes, even when using the power scrub setting. Granted, I am putting knives coated in peanut butter in the dishwasher, but considering the brand and price, I think this is not unreasonable. The knives generally come out streaky and I have to scrub them and rewash. Ceramic plates seem to come out fine (plastic children's ones not so much, for some reason - more caked-on PB?), but I have trouble with cutlery and anything that had food stuck to it.-the top rack does not adjust.-the bottom rack, when pulled out all the way (like normal all the way, not on the floor all the way), ALWAYS comes off track and you have to fight with it to get it back in the dishwasher. This is perhaps my biggest pet peeve about this dishwasher.-when opened, the handle rests on the floor. Mildly annoying, except when your foot happens to be in its path.-due to the poor wash quality, I almost always have to use the power scrub setting.-it seems that the wash cycle takes FOREVER. I realize I am using the power scrub setting, but really. My old Kenmore did not take nearly as long, and cleaned better. I can't believe I am saying this about a Sears product. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:40:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
79317185	The ONLY thing I like about this dishwasher is how beautiful it is.  But, pretty is as pretty does.  Please read the reviews before you spend this amount of money on this dishwasher.  I poo-poo'd all the comments and should have paid attention.  I hate what everyone else does - no drying element, you can't do back to back load unless you hand dry the first load, there is no solid waste disposal, the interior is always damp and smelly, the racks are hard to load if you're washing anything but tableware, you must use a rinse agent and they recommend that you use this very expensive and hard to find #34;salt#34; in the water softener.  Is that enough?  I could go on.  The worst thing is it is so S-L-O-W - Think two and a half hours plus another four if you want the dishes dry (even then there will be puddles in your glasses bottoms).  I would NEVER buy this machine again. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:46:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25007739	Absolutely love it.  It is perfect for a small family and is worth the small investment if you are working within a tight budget. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:46:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86332158	We've had this portable dishwasher for 4 months and I'm still pleased ever time I use it!  Rolls easily, hooks up quickly to the sink and gets dishes very clean.  The regular cycle is quite long, which is typical of new, energy-efficient models.  There's usually a little water on some dishes (especially plastic), but overall dishes get pretty dry. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:46:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
53092793	I've only had it a month, but this dishwasher has saved my life. My partner does NOT do dishes but insists on using 727346823764 dishes a day. It was to the point that I was hiding dishes in the house so that they wouldn't be used and they were eating cereal out of a baking tin with a knife. Seriously. Pathetic. Now, we can live together and I don't have to worry about how many dishes are being used and who's going to do them!Practically, the manual leaves a bit to be desired. It doesn't tell you when to turn the water on and off, although it's pretty easy to figure out. [It swooshes around twice and then hums... turn the water on. It fills the tub and then it clicks and starts to spray inside... turn it off].If you put too much soap in, it will have soap bubbles in the bottom when it's done, but even then it doesn't seem like there is any residue on the dishes.It's pretty big inside... it can fit pots and pans!!Overall, it's been working really well. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:46:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
55044153	We've had this little dishwasher for about three weeks now and we're really happy with it. It washes everything really, really well. (I'm not rinsing off the dishes before I load them, either.)Here are some quick pros and consPros;washes really well on the #34;speed#34; cycle which is about an hour long. (the standard cycle is TWO HOURS!)VERY quietEasy setupEasy to roll up to the sink areaHolds large (11#34;) dishes on the bottom rackNice stylingCons: (the reasons for the 4 stars)The bottom rack is a bit wonky and wobbly when I pull it out and it won't stay out. It will roll back into the machine unless I hold it in place (Big pain)The silverware holder doesn't fit snugly into its space and it too is wobbly and tippy.The machine doesn't dry the dishes (I wish I had realized that before I purchased, but honestly, its not that big of a deal. We just wipe everything down before putting away.)A couple of quick notes:-We threw the little basket for the all in one tabs in the recycle bin and instead throw the tab on the bottom of the machine. It works just as well that way.-We also got rid of the (2) little plastic silverware holders (they snap onto the top of the silverware rack to separate the silverware.) It seemed useless to me and I couldn't stuff as much into the rack with them on.-This thing is HEAVY. The UPS driver left it outside under a tree 'cause it was so heavy and I couldn't drag it inside by myself so my husband came to the rescue and we had to hoist it up the stairs together.All in all, a great little machine (which we've named R2D2, lol) and we're glad we have it! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:46:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
21277217	works great like a full size but in a compact size. easy hook up to yor faucets. uses regular dishwaser powder or pods. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:48:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
30052376	I gave it one star because zero is not possible.  I bought two and have had them for exactly two years.  They must be designed to break, and often because the exact same thing breaks on each of them at the exact same time.  So far, the electronic panel on each failed at the same time.  Not within a few weeks of each other, on the SAME DAY.  On the new panels, the sani-rinse function stopped working on both, on the SAME DAY.  Rollers for the top shelf?  You guessed it, broke on both in the same way and on the same day.  Food grinder, this time it broke a week a part.  JetDry dispenser, I can't be sure when those broke, but both broke about the same time, both had to be replaced.Something is always going wrong with this garbage.  They clean poorly when they are working.  They are incredibly quiet, except for the two times a week you're taking them apart to fix some problem.I'm just going to bite the bullet, throw these away, and buy something else.  It's just not worth the headaches of dealing with this junk. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:48:13	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
16089838	This dishwasher was delivered with a big dent in the side of it. However, it works well and is a perfect size for my needs. It moves around very easily. It was packed well and I was disappointed at the damage. Because it works I will keep it, though. It was $50 cheaper than the others like it advertised on Amazon. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:48:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	does damaged count as a complaint?	false
43212878	Works really well. Very quiet. No serious complaints--it just works. Nits: Tricky to get all of the water out of the hoses after use; they always seem to have one more splash saved up inside them. The organizer grids on the tops of the silverware baskets were too small for my silverware, so I removed them. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:48:13	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57569190	I've had this thing for six months. Pretty much disliked it a month later. Now, I hate it. Researched but missed the part about air dry. My bad, but this is really stupid and it doesn't work if you don't prop the door open. Yes,I've tried different drying aids. No change. Now it is not getting dishes clean. Yes,I've tried different dish detergents . No change. The dish baskets are very inconvenient . You cannot put a load of dishes like you mom did in her good-ole Whirlpool in this thing. Then I'm told they don't put pots and pans in their dishwashers in Europe . They must use tiny little dishes also. Can't seem to get that much in this Bosch. I mean there is just the wife and I,so how many dirty dishes can we have? I'm on my way now to Lowe's to get that Good-Ole Whirlpool. I'll hook this one up in my garage to wash the paper plates. Oh yea, it got the one star because it is quite. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:48:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
16972787	Miele has some great things; it's quite, fits great in many different sized holes, you can get a custom front, easy to level and install...but then between years 1-3 you start to run a load of dishes and you hear a pop and you kitchen floor is now covered in salt.  I called the Meile costumer service and they call a rep in the DC area, the guy on the phone was really helpful and said they would be able to fix it no problem and that this was not a normal problem.  But, the guy who came to do the service call before they ordered the parts just smiled and told me his boss would love to sell me the parts because I would pay close to $500 for the water softer system, and the I would need a new feed line which was another $350...and the best part is what he said next and then I will see you next year when it breaks againIf you have the money not to care, pay for the Miele.  Or, you can spend half on a Kenmore, GE, Samsung, Kitchenaid or any of the other reliable brands.Please, learn from me, I had my miele sitting in the middle of my kitchen for a week waiting on the service guy...that just laughs when he thinks about how much money you just wasted. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:48:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27455411	Absolutely 'love' it, performs better than I expected!!!  I received on time, however w/ cosmetic damage.  I was given the option to replace or receive 20% discount.  I've been very pleased w/ my buying experience on Amazon.  Amazon deserves 5 Stars for their customer service.  I've never experienced better! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:48:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21448519	This is a great dishwasher. Two detergent tabs is all you'll need.Uses very little water and everything comes out amazingly clean.Set on Normal, HiTemp-Wash and Sani Rinse.Love the Overnight function - it's pretty quiet, so it turns on whenI'm asleep and dishes are done when I get up in the AM.Catch it on sale ; paid $404.00 for mine at Lowe's.Price listed on Amazon is way too high. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:48:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23359640	For the second time in two years, now out of warranty, the control panel on this piece of trash has gone out. The repair bill will approach $500 and, because the part is backordered, we will have to wait for three weeks to get it repaired. Clearly, if the part is not available for almost three weeks backordered, we are not the only ones having this problem. The repairman told us that this is a common problem with this dishwasher.What a joy - hand washing dishes for the next three weeks.Beyond that, all of the racks are fixed and it is nearly impossible to adjust the dishes to optimized cleaning.Stay clear of this thing. If you buy it, you will regret it. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:48:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37923886	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher has been a constant disappointment. We spent about $500 for repairs to things documented as known problems online, and have only kept it because I learned to fix it myself and it hasn't fully died, though it doesn't clean dishes well, and regularly malfunctions by getting clogged with minor debris and the door popping open during cycle.Warranty is short, customer service lacking, and products shoddy. Will not buy a Kitchenaid again. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:48:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
44114087	it really is water efficient. its hard to impress my mom but this product did. thank you! hope it lasts. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:53:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58958521	This dishwasher is designed to fail. After only two years, one day it stopped working. It suffered a cascading failure: water caused an electronic part to short circuit, which caused the master board to burn. It would have cost more than $500 to repair. Moreover, it would have likely failed again, since the part that shorted originally is an electronic board with *no cover* placed just next to a water receptacle that controls the water level, and that houses water which is likely to overflow again. This is a design flaw, period. It made no economic sense to repair, and we felt quite frustrated to dispose of a nearly new appliance. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:53:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
68271682	Cosmetic problems with stainless steel only weeks after cosmetic warranty ran out.  Dishwasher QUIT completely at 15 months old - 3 months outside warranty. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:53:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51836731	Since we've had this dishwasher we've had both the motor and the vent replaced.  And now we're getting that same #34;ER UO error code#34; message which means that the vent needs to be replaced again.  We purchased the dishwasher from Lowe's and it's about 7 years old.  I know the average life span of a dishwasher is around 9 - 10 years but you would think that since it's been repaired twice already it would make it to 10 years without any more repairs.  We took out a warranty which is not inexpensive but that warranty has now expired.  That being said, my next dishwasher will not be a Frigidaire. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:53:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64120205	This unit is perfect for our family of 4 (takes in easily 4 salad plates, 4 dinner plates if they are not too large and small cups and glasses). Installation was a snap and you don't need to buy anything to make it fit to your sink. It's taller than a microwave (so it's small but not very small), not too noisy and does a perfect job on the dishes when you use the high setting. It is not big enough inside for pots and pans nor is it big enough for large diameter plates and drying takes a while unless you help it by opening the door and allow your dishes to air dry. You have to play with the dish arrangements inside but after a few times you will find the proper placement for everything. The price is right, you are buying it because you can not have a full size dishwasher so I highly recommend it.ONE YEAR LATERMachine works great and we run it at least 3 times a day. No room for big plates, pots and pans don't fit but it's a small price to pay for not doing most of the dishes. Liquid detergent is what works best, P1 setting gets everything clean. Highly recommended. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:53:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
86207723	Just got this installed.  Very quiet, cleans well, tall tub fits anything large.  Very well made.  Satisfied   happy with it.  Got it at Sears.Would buy again.Great machine!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:54:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
6587626	This Dishwasher worked great for 2 years.  Now the washer door panel doesn't get any power to it.  The lights stopped illuminating and had to shut the power off from the main breaker panel several times to reboot dishwasher panel.  It cleans well when it has power, yet given the number of times we have had to reboot in order to get power, I would not purchase this model again.  This was purchased in October of 2010 from Sears.  Customer service with them has been a nightmare.  Plan to go elsewhere for appliance purchases and repair since it is now out of warranty. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:54:42	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58178089	Samsung DMT800RH Energy Star 24 Dishwasher with 6 Wash Cycles and Touch Screen Control Panel, Stainless SteelWe bought this dishwasher new less than three years ago. Since then we have had SIX service calls due to sensor failures; which prevent the dishwasher from working. And the no-service service center is a joke and can take up to four weeks before providing any service at all! The first dishwasher had to be replaced after the first several service calls, and the current unit will work just several months before the next sensor error shows up. Save yourself the money, time, and trouble and get something that works. Did I mention this piece of incredible crap costs $700 plus! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:54:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	sensor failure complaint	false
49996004	After reading several reviews on several similar products I was fully aware when I load the dishwasher not to put more than 4 plates though it might say 6...etc. keeping that in mind it works great, easy to hook up, and the noise is low. I was concerned when I first opened the box, it had in fact been hooked up to water before it shipped to me. But, everything else was still it its new wrappings despite all the water. It is 2 months later and I am happy with my purchase. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:54:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17218004	I bought one of these 8 months ago and I couldn't be more pleased with it.  It is quiet and performs perfectly.  I like the removeable silverware basket which can be placed on the door or in the upper rack.  No complaints about anything.  It was a great buy for the money. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 11:54:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78367329	This is a piece of JUNK. The soap dispenser fails to open, which constantly results in dirty dishes and the need for multiple wash cycles. The only setting that works even a little bit is the normal cycle. You can't use the more powerful cycles, because they don't do anything to clean your dishes. You have to manually open the dispenser if you even want any soap in your wash, which is then used in the prewash only. Its AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL at cleaning dishes. If the dispenser actually does open, the dishes are still not clean. I have found brown scum on our glasses and containers. We have had it serviced multiple times. The repair people only check the water temperature (which is fine), checked my soap (I use Finish, which they said was fine), and said to use Dishwasher Magic to clean out the machine every couple of months. What? My old harvest gold dishwasher worked WAY better than this one and without the high maintenance! The repair people replaced the dispenser, but it still doesn't open. Save your money! Fortunately, we did purchase an extended, 5-yr, warranty with our dishwasher. However, you have to have 3 functional repairs and 1 diagnostic repair before Lowes will even consider replacing the unit. That is AFTER you have entered the extended warranty period. That amounts to over 20 hours of time and several weeks of annoyance and customer service calls (IF the appliance people actually show up)! They don't care at all that a consumer has a countertop full of dishes, pays more money in rewashing dishes multiple times, or that a consumer has to babysit the house for four hours at a time for a repair person *maybe* to show up. Don't buy this. Really. Save yourself the frustration. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:56:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49070664	I bought this dishwasher mainly because it fit underneath the cabinets in my apartment kitchen. It is a time saver and it does a good job cleaning dishes compared to most apartment dishwashers I have used.The installation is pretty tricky as the manual leaves a lot to be desired. I also had a difficult time tightening the connections at the back of the dishwasher to prevent leaks, but was eventually able to do so. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:56:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
76470091	I purchased this unit to save time from hand washing dishes, and it saved a ton!  Every day for a year I used it without a problem.  Used the short wash cycle and it did the job just fine.  The dishwasher cleaned better than any built-in unit I've ever used.I don't recommend using jet-dry in the unit, it seemed to overcoat my glasses.  If you get the dishwasher, once it's done washing, open it to let everything air dry.Some plates blocked the sprayer, but rearranging them solved the problem.Any disadvantage could not possibly outweigh the time savings and convenience of this dishwasher.  Well worth the money and used very little energy and water.Except, I don't recommend for two people who use a lot of glassware in a day, because you'll probably have to run twice in a day (for a descent larger portable dishwasher, check out the GE line, one model number is GSC3500NWW). 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:56:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85962676	I ordered the white dishwasher because my appliances are all white and black and it was cheaper. It is stainless steel inside. It came with the manual and the silverware holder, and a tiny plastic basket. The plastic flaps on the top basket are useful because there is a wash arm just for the top basket that would tend to flip lighter items into the air if you weren#8217;t using the flaps. They are removable. I left them on one side and put my lighter weight dishes on that side.The bottom basket also has it#8217;s own wash arm and there is a filter on the bottom of the dishwasher that needs to be taken out and cleaned about once a week or so, depending on how often you use the dishwasher. I use it about three times a week and I don#8217;t use it for pots and pans so the filter doesn#8217;t have that much crud on it when I do clean it.The soap dispenser is on the door and also contains a compartment for rinse agent. I use generic soap pods that I got at a warehouse store in bulk. They are a tight fit but I am able to wedge them in and close the door on the soap dispenser.I have never had to rewash a single item in the dishwasher; everything comes out sparkling clean (now that I added rinse agent).It is counter top height and has four casters that make it very easy to move around the kitchen. I had to move a rug that I had in the path between the sink and where I store the dishwasher because the dishwasher casters couldn#8217;t roll over it.The provided aerator attached to my faucet (an old Delta faucet) after I removed the existing aerator that was on there without need for an adapter. I leave that aerator on and I believe that it increases water pressure into the machine because now when I turn on the water it blasts out. I didn#8217;t need Teflon tape, it doesn#8217;t leak at all after tightening with a pipe wrench. The hose connects easily to the aerator. I added a three-foot extension cord to the electrical cord because it wasn#8217;t long enough to get to the nearest outlet.There are two hoses, one for waste water and one for fresh water that connect to the plastic part that snaps onto the aerator. Everything is pre-assembled but I had to tighten the hoses. The waste water comes out of the bottom of the plastic connector and I position it directly over the drain. Make sure that when the wash cycle is complete that before you remove the plastic connector you turn the water off and then press the red pressure release valve or water will spray into your face.The only negatives were the following:The Styrofoam packaging disintegrated when unpacking the dishwasher and I had little foam beads all over the place. I vacuumed them up but I still after a few weeks I still will come across one or two that I somehow missed.The box is extremely heavy. My brother helped the delivery driver take it off of the truck. The driver was unable to get the box off of the truck on his own and said that he wouldn#8217;t have been able to deliver it if no one was home. I thought it was coming via freight delivery but it came on a regular UPS truck with a single driver.The dishwasher had water in it. I don#8217;t know if I received another customers returned dishwasher or of they test them before they ship them but don#8217;t drain them. The water didn#8217;t smell foul and it wasn#8217;t dirty, so I didn#8217;t get the sense that it was waste water from a wash cycle but I was surprised when I opened the machine and water was in the bottom of the filter area. It was the same amount of water that it left when I wash a load of dishes.Finally, there are little spots of rust forming inside on the arms of the top basket. I#8217;m hoping that this won#8217;t get worse. My parents had a dishwasher that was plastic inside but had plastic coated metal baskets and their baskets rusted but I find discomforting that it#8217;s rusting so soon after purchasing it. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:56:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
73051897	I really liked my first non-digital Danby until the drain pump failed after a year.  I coudln't get any response from Danby customer service (I needed a new drain pump) and stupidly ignored that and bought this digital Danby.  Well, now it's spin-spray arm stopped rotating reliably after only a month!  I don't like the fact that it's digital interface won't let you alter the cycle at all.  A real pain.  And I still can't get Danby customer service on the telephone (after waiting 30 minutes on hold) and they don't answer emails.  I won't buy another Danby, especially due to the customer service problem. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 11:56:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32337033	I bought this and have been using it for three months now. It's pretty damn amazing and easy to use. There is a hose that just plugs into your faucet with these bearings. It takes a second to snap on and off. Then you turn the water on and run the machine. This bad boy cleanse better than my friends standard kitchen air. You don't need a dryer. They just come out dry and there are only little pools of water on upside down cups. I bought it because the review above mine said it was good and I was convinced. But that reviewer must be hella strong cause I couldn't pick this up if there was a gun pointed at my skull. It has saved me lots of time during the week now that I don't have to wash things by hand. No more soapy after taste on dishes and cups. It arrived the next day but I think the seller is in my state.  I hope it lasts forever! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:11:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	heavy dishwasher	true
56936785	I bought the Miele G5775 SCSF and paid the overpriced fee to have Miele do the install directly. This was for a new house. Just moved in and tried to use the dishwasher for the very first time. It immediately went to a lockout state with an error message, and will not even run the very first load. Called Miele and was told it would be 10 days before they could get a tech to even look at it (and I'm hoping he won't have to wait to order parts). Needless to say I'm not at all pleased moving into a new house with a new top-line (supposedly reliable) dishwasher, then having to hand-wash dishes. Miele's so-called Concierge Service is a joke. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:11:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	machine wont run, no specific component	true
33922710	I bought this dishwasher at Lowes for $485 as a deal because it was the last one they had. It was to replace a GE and the GE had worked fine, but I saw no reson to be brand loyal. I had seen the other gentleman's write up of the machine before I bought it, but it was such a good deal, I took it. I am only washing dishes for three and most of the time we eat out so the dishwasher just gets weird loads of this and that anyway. So it either worked or it didn't and we had 30 days to tell Lowes to pick it up if it did not work. The rack spacing seemed fine to me; it was a good brand; so I decided to give it a try.I have had marvelous success with it. All my glasses and big pans fit into the top rack. The top rack is sloping so really large items fit in it and get a wonderful wash. Also, a selling point for me, you can take the top rack completely out and was REALLY BIG items in the dishwasher. For instance, the literature suggested that when you cleaned your refridgerator, you just take all the shelves out and put them in your dishwasher. Sounds like my kind of machine. Too bad cars no longer have carbeurators,or you could throw that in with your tractor hats and what not.I have had really good success with it cleaning really dirty stuff. I bake a lot and get pans with cake, frosting, dough and all glued to them. And they sit. And they sit some more because I would as soon use a paper plate as to have to unload the dratted dishwasher. So after sitting for 2 weeks, I turn the machine on and the mess is gone and everything is spotless.I do use the Finish Quantum tablets for washing and the Jet Dry Drying agent which is supposed to take the spots off the dishes in a dishwasher that does not have an electric dry cycle. AThe dishwasher actually uses the hot air form heated water to dry the dishes.I live in Arizona and have some of the Worst Hard Water in the Country. Things still come clean and have no spots.I realize that I am not your Normal Dishwasher user, but I think that I am harder on one than most since I only run a full load every 10 or so days and those loads are full of yukky, junky pots and pans that I would normally have scrubbed.I give this dishwasher 5 stars because it has certainly worked well for me.Finish Quantumatic, Refill, 24-CountFinish Jet-Dry Drying Agent, Turbo Dry Action, 6.76 Ounce (Pack of 2)October 16, 2011: I just wanted to add a PS and say that this machine works better than I could have imagined. I put gunky dishes in and let them sit two weeks and this machine cleans them up. That includes baked on Spagetti, dishes that cakes were baked in, and glasses in which I mixed protein drinks. It's a Keeper. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:11:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
80790937	2mos of useI was looking for an energy efficient dishwasher with excellent sound deadening abilities - and that's what i got. It's not the most energy efficient - Bosch dishwashers are - but it has all the features I wanted.This particular KitchenAid compares directly to the Bosch SHE8ER55UC with the Bosch having a dBA of 40 and the KitchenAid a dBA of 41. However, the KitchenAid has a hard food disposal (which was a must for me) that no Bosch dishwasher has. If you want to put your dishes covered in food in the dishwasher without pre-washing them, and you don't want those food particles ending up back on your clean dishes, then you need a way for the dishwasher to make sure the food is gone. The Bosch has a filter that you have to take out and clean about once a month. I knew I wasn't gonna do that.A second thing that this dishwasher has the the Bosch doesn't is its own (optional use) internal hot water heater that you can use for a super-high hot water wash.The final feature that the KitchenAid has that the Bosch doesn't is a heated dry. I really hate opening the dishwasher and having that moist air come out and still having a good portion of the dishes wet. You will see that people say it's not a problem if you open the door (on the Bosch) and let the dishes air dry for a bit before putting them away (or you don't mind wiping them off). Well, I want my dishes clean  dry when I go to put them away and, since I've got a galley kitchen, I just don't have the space to keep the door down for however long it takes for the dishes to finish drying.  However, for those of you who don't care or want to save a little energy, it's optional.Other than those 3 features, the dishwashers are pretty comparable feature-wise. The KitcheAid has an annual energry usage of 279KWh/yr while the Bosch's is 180KWh/yr. Those feature I want - internal hot water heater, forced air dryer and internal disposal - all use extra energy.After that, the differences are a more a matter of personal preference. i HATE the Bosch utensil rack (I've used it on several friends/family members' units). It is a top 3rd rack where you put each utensil in separately ... every single knife, fork  spoon, etc has it's own slot. Which means that you have to take out each knife, fork and spoon out individually when you unload. I think the reason that it has the silverware done this was is because it has no in-unit food disposal. Where is the most likely place for those pesky food particles floating around in your dishwasher to land? On all that mashed together silverware in your standard basket! Not only do I dislike inserting  removing each separate utensil, but I really disliked having to open  close a totally different rack to do so. With my 2 (regular) racks, I can pretty much pull the bottom one all the way out, the top one part of the way out and fill the dishwasher. Once you use the first couple of place settings on the Bosch, then you've got to pull that top rack out the whole way to add more pieces and close it to use the 'regular' top rack again. I like my simple basket.Since I have a galley kitchen, I also didn't want that extended door handle - that's just 3-4 of lost space for me. I even like the exterior buttons on the appliance. No, it doesn't look the best, but they are easy to see, easy to use and no mistaking what cycles you're using after you close the door. Can't remember if you added the forced air dry (remember?  it's optional so you don't even have to use it - which will save energy/money)? Don't worry, you can tell just by looking at the dishwasher without opening the door and stopping/cancelling your cycles.So that's why I like this dishwasher and why I got it. It's VERY expensive, but similarly priced to its closest comparable Bosch competitor. I am happy that I got this dishwasher.CON:  Like so many newer appliances, things about this one just don't seem to be as well built and sturdy as the 13yr old KitchenAid dishwasher it replaced.  For instance, the racks feel a bit lightweight, looser and not as good a quality.  In addition, the little 'door' over the detergent dispenser also seems more flimsy.  One thing that I almost can't believe is that, even with all of the water-jets, the top half of the bowls on the top rack will not get cleaned if you put them in one after the other.  Meaning that, in order to clean them, you have to leave a space between each bowl - frustrating! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:11:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	no defect, but user does not like how some of the features must be compensated for	true
73403726	After much research, we ordered the Meile Dishwasher.We felt we were getting the best price from Amazon's EvVive Home {About Seller. evVive Home store at Amazon was launched in late 2008 to celebrate home, life and living.}However, when it arrived, it was missing parts - In Particular, The Stainless Steel Door!For a month, we have been going back and forth...but of course Amazon has no phone numbers and they refuse to do anything about it.What a Nightmare!!Never Use EvVIVE!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:11:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	missing parts	true
74734514	Our Kenmore Elite dishwasher is about two years old, for the past 6 months we've had huge problems with the top rack not washing the dishes.  After pulling the dishwasher apart we found that the top tube assembly had a gasket with two broken flaps. That's it, two broken flaps.  Any idea what the fantastic people at Kenmore (Sears) charges for that piece?  $50 not including shipping. Why? Because they don't sell that specific gasket, I would have to buy the entire assembly. My biggest problem with this is the fact that in two years I'll probably have have to replace it AGAIN. Crappy product, crappy customer service. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:15:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Customer Servie Issues should be a defect	false
53769234	We bought the top of the line Bosch about 14 years ago for about $1000,00, it was amazing. So quiet you couldn't hear it running, dishes always came out spotless and clean and dry. The stainless steel interior, rack system, and no stupid heating element in the bottom screamed quality.  After 14 years, one of the pumps and water valve went out and the cost was $500 to repair.  I decided to buy the new top of the line SHXER55UC, although the $500 would probably have kept my old machine working for another 10 years.  DON'T BUY THROUGH AMAZON if you live in California!  You can find delivered with NO 10% Sales Tax and much less on the Internet--Just Google the model number.  Amazon was the first traitor to agree to charge California Sales Tax on Internet Sales when they didn't have to so I always boycott them.  I expect my new Bosch to last another 15 years and look forward to enjoying the new features like the 3rd rack, water softener, and even 9 Db quieter than my old model which is hard to imagine. It's being installed tomorrow and I'll update on how it compares to my old Bosch, I expect it to be the Porsche of dishwashers.  The performance of the Bosch has been much better than my Sub-Zero 48 inch and equal to my 48 inch Wolf Range, the only kitchen appliance I think offers better quality and performance is my 54 inch Vent-a-Hood.  If you like top of the line kitchen appliances, Bosch can't be beat for dishwashers. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:15:16	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
28158762	I bought this top of the line Bosch dishwasher because Bosch was supposed to be one of the best on the market. I should have read the other reviews more closely because the layout of this washer only works well if you only use plates designed for the configuration.  Cereal bowls, serving dishes or anything not pretty flat, will take up most of the space.In addition to the configuration not bring suitable, it doesn't wash well requiring most everything to be rinsed off. I have used other dishwashers where I leave it on no heat dry that perform better than this one. It absolutely requires rinse agent for it to dry.Give me back my Sears dishwasher any day. I really regret this purchase, and am even considering buying replacement racks since I hate the existing ones so much. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:15:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
25671645	Who knew? I used Amazon.com to find a dishwasher and it was $150.00 cheaper than any local appliance store carried plus it was shipped right to us! A friend installed - BAM! Great! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88964308	I have a family of three, my kids in their teens. We use the machine daily, it does it's thing and two and a half hours later we have clean dishes. The cycle time is longer than what we were used too, but it does a good job on the stuff we throw at it. The interior has three racks, the bottom dish rack is a bit tightly segregated, we can't always sneak a sauce pan in. The center cup rack has a nice feature that allows the rack height to be easily adjusted. The top knife rack is well made and always keeps the blades in a safe position during loading. The racks seem to be less open to creative overloading of the dishwasher than what we were used too but we have fewer surprises in the end. The racks also have clips and carriers to keep things in the best wash position and ease loading cutlery. After a few months of ownership I think it is a good machine. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44400507	I hate the fact that home builders get such a good discount from GE they will only supply GE products.  This dishwasher which I had to pay an additional amount for the upgrade does not clean dishes.  Not sure how EnergyStar gives credit if you have to run the dishes through three times.  You must clean the dishes before you use this dishwasher.  If I could afford to replace it I would, in the mean time I wash my dishes by hand.  The only reason I am giving it a one star is that it is so quiet. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:17:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
84367060	Okay, I've read the other reviews, which are quite mixed.  I hope this one will help you decide whether or not you should invest.PROS:  Quiet, practical, washes dishes and pots clean every time.  Has multiple cycles (including a 12 minute rinse and an ECO button).  My first FisherPaykel was a double drawer in white.  It worked well and I never had to call maintenance for it.  I had it about 3 years before I sold my house and moved.  I purchased a new home and a new FisherPaykel in stainless steel and had the handles changed to black for contrast.  The model number is DD605SS.  It has the same features as the white dishwasher and I have had it 3 years now with 0 problems.CONS: I wish the drawers were a little taller for pots and other tall appliances.  The new model, DD24DCTX6, has answered that wish, as the drawers are designed taller to accommodate taller dishes and pots.I am very pleased with my Fisher  Paykel dishwasher and in my opinion think it's worth the investment. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:17:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	user wishes that the drawers were designed taller	true
85596393	Worked fine right out of the box. This is the problem with most of these diswashersI'll look here next time 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:17:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	not sure what this reviewer is trying to say	true
31825521	Purchased dishwasher in September and already had to have it replaced because of numerous defects.  I hoped the new one would actually get the dishes clean but that did not happen.  Glassware comes out disgusting, silverware does not get cleaned at all and plates are hit or miss.  Very disapointing.  I am calling the manufacture to complain again.  We thought we were purchasing a good dishwasher but we are very sadly mistaken. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:17:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	"numerous defects"	true
50361091	Like so many other folks who own this model our control panel failed two weeks ago.Dishwasher was purchased in April, 2007 and now needs a 300 dollar repair.Was tempted to get it fixed and get an extended warranty but reviews of this product on Amazon and other sites convinced me otherwise.Never again will I ever purchase an appliance from this company!!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:17:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
19368494	The racks in this new model are terrible compared to the one we replaced.  The silverware rack is very good but both the upper and lower racks for dishes have all straight wires and do not hold dishes, pasta bowls, or things other than flat plates.  Rack for glasses is okay.  Would not buy again however due to the difficulty of loading cereal, soup, or pasta bowls.Stainless steel interior nice but has no vents so inside of door and interior of machine remains wet even after drying cycle is complete.  Dishes are dry.  Comments apply to MDB7749SBM Stainless Interior model. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:18:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67150143	Oh my! I AM SOOOO in love with this teensy tiny miracle machine!Here's why. I had a regular sized portable years ago, and it did a great job. I moved to Florida in 2002, and into a condo. The condo had an El Cheapo dishwasher, that sounded so loud you could hear it a block a way. It sounded like the motor was going to grind thru the floor! But it did an okay job on the dishes.I read a Consumer Report's article about a fancy-arsed Kenmore dishwasher, and it was top rated...so I got it. $700.00. After one year, the phosphate ban hit. I knew nothing about it so for the next year, and was frustrated with the dishwasher's increasingly poorer and poorer performance. After a while the dishes were more soiled coming out than going in. At the time, I had a very demanding job and worked 50 to 60 hours a week. To cope, I used paper plates, and Lodge Logic pans, aluminum throw aways, or microwave throwaways. The dishes from the dishwasher got piled up after being sanitized but not clean, and I stored in plastic tubs to be hand washed when I had time. A few got hand washed. Most lived in the tubs.A couple months ago, I retired due to health issues, (temporary) and am unable to stand at the sink and handwash for any length of time due to back pain. I had tubs of dishes that were unusable, a $700 fairly new dishwasher that was essentially kitchen-junk/scrap, and now a limited income. Paper plates and disposables were rapidly becoming an item I needed to dispense with to save money. This had to get resolved.I finally learned of the phosphate ban last year, and tried using TSP as an additive to the Kenmore, but by then the DW was so gummed up with hard water deposits, there wasn't much water flowing inside any more even with a replacement kit, and the TSP was not effective. (Thanks EPA for screwing up my kitchen!)In desperation, I started to look for something, anything, to reclaim my dishes and get them clean on a regular basis. I discovered these countertop dishwashers at a very reasonable price on Amazon, and ordered this one. I got it Thursday 9/5/13 at the end of the day (7:30 PM). At my age and health situation, I take things slow and easy. I had this thing out of the box, the box cut into tiny pieces and bagged, and the unit on the counter and installed by 2:30 AM. I was going to get some clean dishes, daggoneit, and nothing was going to stop me.I did 5 loads on Friday (today actually, since it's after midnight now), and the stuff coming out of this miracle machine is AMAZING.My glassware is clearer than when I got it new. My dishes (Corelle Livingwear) look like they are new, and a few are from the 70s that I kept as a memento of my mom. My silverwear is shiny, clean and brighter than when I got it. And pots and pans have come out squeaky clean. I've done broiler pans, grill pans, fry pans, sauce pans, glasses, dishes, silverware, tongs, cooking utensils (scrapers, flippers, etc), the inserts from grill pans/panninni's, everyday pans, silicone steamers for microwaves, ceramic pie plates, bakewear, and every single item is pristine. I find myself eagerly waiting for the ping -- to run to the machine, and take out each piece and admire it. I hold it up to the light and marvel at the beauty of these pieces which haven't looked nearly this clean in 3 years. (Take that EPA!). In fact, they have NEVER looked this clean...even when new. I'm just stunned.I did buy commercial Cascade (WITH phosphates), (Amazon) but be aware that the box is really SMALL. Normally in the grocery, it's a 3# box, and the one sold here is 1# 4 ounces.A feature that I LOVE on this machine is the filter on the bottom. After each wash load, I turn it counterclockwise, remove it and rinse it out. Any tiny bits of food, fuzz, or other particulates are filtered out and caught there. Easy to clean, and the inner filter snaps out. There's actually 3. One flat metal one, a plastic wire/mesh basket, and an inner plastic basket. There's nothing like that on the $700 Kenmore. It's a major big deal (2 plus hours) to clean out the chopper area...requiring star-screwdrivers, and laying down on the floor to access the area. (Something all retirees are eager to do.[sarc])Here's a point for folks that you may not know. Since I had a portable years ago, I was already familiar with the faucet connector. Others here have said that you can't use your faucet while the machine is running. That isn't so. If you push the red button while the machine is running, the water will come out the bottom. It's the same temp as you have for the dishwasher...but you can change the temp to cold, and press the red button and hold until it's cold then fill up your glass. Remember to set it back to hot and run it a bit by holding down that red button. It's a flow-thru valve. Great thing to have. Very convenient.Now that I have a machine I can rely on to clean my dishes, I'm going to take the Kenmore apart and clean out the chopper, (a 2 hour job), and if it works fine, I'll use it for pots and pans that don't fit into the SPT. But since the control panel and the panel board aren't working properly, I don't have much hope. To replace them it costs $120, and $100...same cost as the SPT, and no guarantee it will work. Hence, my decision to get the SPT...which is the BEST decision I've made in years. (As long as it keeps working!)Warning: avoid Kenmore/Whirlpool and associated brands that are model 665-*****. Many problems. Tons of it online if you look.I can't believe this thing. SPT should get a medal for this machine. It's the BEST thing since sliced gluten-free bread. It's a BEST BUY! It should be required for all senior citizens who can't bend over to pick up heavy pots and pans from a standard dishwasher, or anyone with a back problem.I can not hear the motor, but I do hear a woosh-woosh-woosh as it's swooshing the water around.  I just finished load number 5 for the day. I can't wait to finish up tomorrow. I have such a feeling of accomplishment now.  This little thing holds a LOT of stuff. About half as much as a regular dishwasher, and cleans rings around the big guys.BTW: A bathtub of water is at least 24 GAL.  For that amount of water, I can run 8 loads in this dishwasher. Energy star is $16 in power for the YEAR!!Highly recommended for singles, empty-nesters, retirees, and anyone with a health problem, or back problem. A 4 person family might push this to it's limit...but I think it would handle it okay. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:18:27	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	Theses ones that are half good & half bad are really confusing	false
49347255	This dishwasher actually cleans all my dishes (unlike my previous three dishwashers from other manufacturers).  It is also so quiet that sometimes I cannot even tell whether it's running.  It's very nice looking, and the smooth control panel is easy to keep clean (no protruding buttons to collect dirt). 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:18:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46728083	We bought this unit and was told it would be very quiet.  Our old unit was noisy.  This one turned out to be noisier then the first one.  Also, the construction of this is absolutely horrible with cheap fittings, cheap plastic, cheap everything.  When you have the top rack full of glasses and you pull it out, the rack comes off the rollers and almost crashes to the floor.I know 2 others who own this piece of junk, and they say the same thing about the noise and the racks falling apart.Don't buy this, spend a couple hundred more and get a Bosch or something.  Anything but this pile of crap.**** Update Jan 2012 *****Now that someone had made a comment on my post, it reminded me of something else horrible about this unit.If you pack too many dishes in it, especially in the lower rack right hand corner, this thing will leak water all over your floor.  Someone else mentioned it would leak if you ran it empty.  Never tried running it empty, but it doesn't surprise me.I honestly can't believe a company would produce such a piece of junk to unaware consumers.  They obviously don't care about their Name Brand being associated with this.At Lowes the other day I felt some satisfaction stopping the sale of one of these.  Sales rep was trying to sell a young couple on this unit.  I barged in and told them about my bad experience with it.  They thanked me and walked away from the sale.**** Update Oct 2012 ****A few months ago I was made aware from an appliance repair guy that Frigidaire installs the cheap rubber seals and bottom wipe strips.  Call an appliance repair person have have them replaced with quality seals.  This solved the water leaking problem..  However there is no fix for the top rack that continues to fall apart.I still stand by my review.  Don't buy this piece of junk 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:18:27	No Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
54499136	We have had this 800 series dishwasher for 3 months, and have had the repairman out 4 times as of this review.So - Yep Quiet as a church mouse.But - the complaints about the cleanability - True.  The items on the top rack come out dirtier than they went it.  Unacceptable.  We are using all their recommended products and careful not to overload the dishwasher - which means more washes - so forget about the water savings because you are going to run more loads through it.To top this whole story off - the repairman from our local appliance store (Who have been very helpful so far) contacted Bosch technical support was told I am not loading my dishes correctly REALLY!!! - never had that issue with my Jenn-Aire.Contacting customer support - another insult - and a waste of breath.  Said they only had records of one visit - so there wasn't anything they could do.I really regret this purchase - don't make the same mistake I did. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:18:27	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
6552444	I purchased this dishwasher a little over a year ago because Maytag was supossed to be a great company. The repairman told me today that the motor is not functioning at all and needs to be replaced. The cost of the new motor is more than what I paid for the machine. I have never been happy with this dishwasher! It's cleaning ability has always been hit and miss, mostly miss. The racks are not adjustable and are poorly designed. The silverwear holder hangs inside the bottom rack and is annoying and takes up a lot of space. This dishwasher cannot be loaded efficiently. I would not reccommend this dishwasher to anyone. I'm throwing mine in the trash. What a waste! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:21:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
57590586	We have a Bosch that we bought from Sears about 5 years ago. About two months ago the motor came on and would not stop running. The control unit was replaced, sensors were replaced and the motor was then replaced (by Sears). The dishwasher now appears to work. It is somewhat noisier before. We were quite satisfied with the performance before the motor problem occurred. We are very disappointed with Bosch reliability. We feel that the machine should have lasted at least 10 years without a major breakdown. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:21:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		true
62387657	I bought this this dishwasher, first time works beautiful second time didn't dry the dishes and third time didn't even work im pretty disappointed I wrote and emal and they didn't gave me any answer, I'm pretty disappointed with this I had a lot of speciations of this product when i order 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:21:24	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
40147953	Have had this model less than six months and have never been satisfied. Poorly executed soap dispenser door is held mostly shut by the top rack when it attempts to release the detergent. The result is that there is never enough space for the detergent to be fully dissolved, even with liquid soap. This must be the primary reason for the poor washing qualities. Have not experienced any of the other complaints about smell and standing water. I suspect we won't as I am fed up enough to replace this dog. Thanks to my experience, I will never buy LG again because I feel cheated. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:21:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
32836855	Bought this high cost dishwasher for my wife on mothers day, she hates.  Hard to load dishes.  Very concerned reading all the bad reviews.  I have learned you need to use the jet dry to get spots and good drying. My dishes come out clean but I always rinse them and dont load them with food on them.  Now, were getting a rotten food smell when we open the door if any dishes are in it.  Not sure what is happening...question if it was installed right or there is something with the design.  Guess I to spend allot of time researching and getting someone to look at it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:21:24	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
45694829	We were undecided between this dishwasher and the somewhat less expensive Maytag MDB8959.  This one looks very nice.  As best we can tell good cleaning an reliable.  The third rack looked very promising.We decided to try out our actual plates and glasses at the store.  The culinary rack is adjustable on this one, as is the top rack.  We could not find an adjustment where everything fit in well.  The tall glasses bumped up against the culinary third rack.  If we put them on the bottom rack, the spacing and holders weren't right.We now have the Maytag on order.  Everything fit into it on the second try.If your stuff fits into the Kitchenaid, it looks like it will be good, but do an actual test first. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:31:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Does the size of the racks count as a complaint?	false
24333404	Let me start out by saying that I thought very hard about whether to give this dishwasher 2 or 3 stars. I will discuss in detail why I chose to rate this product as I did. My wife and I had a very nice high end dishwasher $600 price range, and after several years the motor died. (New motor was $275, cheaper to just buy a new washer.) Coincidentally, we had just put the house on the market, so we didn't want to shell out a ton of money again. We opted for the Amana Stainless Steel dishwasher to fill the look of our upscale kitchen. For $300, no tax and free shipping...can't go wrong? Right?Well, we got what we paid for. I even stole the noise dampening padding from our old dishwasher and fit it around the outer tub of the new Amana. My dB reader records an average sound level of 76dB which is 7dB more than the description. I'm not sure if they took that reading on the drying/heat cycle, but this thing is loud. It sounds like a jet engine in your kitchen. We have an open kitchen layout that goes into our living room. Even with surround sound, it is hard to compensate for the amount of noise this thing makes if you try to watch TV with a load running.If you are expecting a true stainless steel dishwasher, this isn't it. At first, I noticed during installation that the front felt like a tool box. Curiosity got the best of me and I quickly grabbed a magnet to perform an informal science experiment. Sure enough, the magnet sticks to the so called stainless steel. I have a $2500 stainless steel refrigerator and magnets do not stick to it. I'm pretty sure this is made of sheet metal. It has a very primitive coarse feel to the touch. My fridge has a very smooth glassy feel to it.In the factory, they most likely perform quality checks. I can understand that they want to make sure the product works before they ship it out. But hey, drain the water with an air compressor! Eeeek. I tipped the dishwasher on it's face on my carpet to prewire the hardwiring prior to installation (access panel is on the bottom side). When I put it back on it's feet, my carpet was soaked with water. User error? Yeah, I take some of the blame. I suppose I should have checked to make sure there wasn't anything inside. I just figured that it just came out of the box and plastic wrap, that they would never leave that much water trapped inside. If I had to guess, I would say maybe 1/2 gallon leaked out.The last thing that bothers me is that there are only two settings really. Heavy and Normal. My previous dishwasher had a Light wash mode. This is a nice feature when you don't quite have a lot of dishes or the soil level is very low. I'm not counting that against this model, because that wouldn't be comparing apples to apples. It's just an inconvenience that bothered me.Overall even though I pointed out several negatives, the function to value ratio is pretty high to me. I am glad to have only spent a few hundred dollars rather than six hundred plus! Anything beats having to wash the dishes by hand.So let's recap here.Pros- On a budget? $300 shipped for a dishwasher that works, excellent deal.- Beats doing the dishes by hand.- Cleans 7/10 in my opinion, not bad.Cons- Loud, about 76dB according to my test.- No sound insulation included.- Fake stainless steel. Be more specific, you are selling a stainless steel appearance.- Pre filled with water at factory. Messy.- Release door handle is very stiff. You have to hip-check the door to close. My old dish washer would close with your pinky finger.- Lacks a Light wash cycle 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:31:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
39670041	I have never used such a horrible dishwasher in my life. It looks great, it's sturdy, everything about it seems wonderful.. until you attempt to use it.I have read the manual and used heavy, high heat dry, even hi temp wash and sani rinse... and grief every time they come out wet (even days later) and half of the dishes are dirty (I pre-clean them too!!).Ridiculous. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:31:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57480799	This dishwasher is very quiet and does a good job of washing the dishes.  It is supposed to be very energy efficient, however I can't seem to get as many dishes in a load as my old dishwasher.  What good is energy efficient if you have to do more loads to do the same number of dishes? Part of the problem is the rack design. Try as I might, I can't get the best use of the space the dishwasher has. The plates just don't line up right.  I hope that they redesign the racks.  I wouldn't mind buying a replacement set that is better.I have only had this dishwasher a short time so I don't know how well it will hold up.  A lot of appliances made today don't last the way they did ten years ago. Again what good is an energy efficient appliance if you have to replace it in five years? More energy will be wasted in making a new one then what you saved. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:31:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Again, the only thing wrong is the size of the racks	false
51836731	Since we've had this dishwasher we've had both the motor and the vent replaced.  And now we're getting that same #34;ER UO error code#34; message which means that the vent needs to be replaced again.  We purchased the dishwasher from Lowe's and it's about 7 years old.  I know the average life span of a dishwasher is around 9 - 10 years but you would think that since it's been repaired twice already it would make it to 10 years without any more repairs.  We took out a warranty which is not inexpensive but that warranty has now expired.  That being said, my next dishwasher will not be a Frigidaire. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:31:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
74058120	I have been putting this dishwasher through heavy use sense Thanksgiving.  I have to say that this is hands down the best dishwasher I have ever owned.  The cleaning capability of this machine (baked on macaroni and cheese - NOT rinsed) has far exceeded my expectations.  I do not hand wash my pots and pans and my largest, multi-quart capacity pot fits in both drawers just fine.  I have to use the top drawer for my longer cooking utensils, but even at that, I have laid them down on the side shelves and they get clean all the same.  And speaking of the side shelves, I was worried that since the glasses just sit freely on the shelves that they would fall off.  Not so.  And my glasses come out sparkling and spot/debris free.  In fact, my dishes have never been cleaner.  The machine is easy to use, versatile and I love the ability to run the drawers separately and at different cycle settings.  So I can run a really dirty load on the bottom and a light clean load up top.I have to say, that all the bad reviews caused some concern for me, but I had a professional company install my machine and it has been thrilling me ever since.  Kind of funny to write of a dishwasher thrilling me, especially because I am not a very domesticated, cookie baking type of woman.  But ladies, this is my Ferrari in the kitchen.So, in my humble opinion, the people most likely to write a review are the ones that have a complaint.  No appliance is perfect, but as for me, this is as close as it gets and I will never buy anything else again.  And I find it interesting that most of the bad reviews of this machine recommend another brand.  I question the integrity of those reviews.I love, love, love this machine and if I could give it a higher rank, I would. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:33:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
43238229	I had never heard of Danby until I started looking for a small under-counter dishwasher for a small space. Then I discovered that Danby is one of the biggest companies nobody had ever heard about. (Note that the review template from Amazon doesn't mention the name.) Those who had used the units were satisfied and so I ordered one. Boy, was I in for a pleasant surprise. The unit was easy to install (though the instructions were confusing) after cutting out the opening, but the surprise came when we started using the unit. For one thing, it calls for a rinse product as well as dishwasher soap, and for another, it has a built-in water softener, very important here in western Minnesota. What blew me away was how clean the thing got our dishes, even without the rinse product. I've had Kenmore and I've had Kitchen Aid, and THIS IS THE BEST DISHWASHER I HAVE EVER HAD!  Especially for under $400.00, shipping and all! I may change my tune a year or five down the line, but this little Danby is built like a Sherman tank, and with high quality all down the line. Based on my limited experience, I can recommend this item highly. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:33:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
23533062	This dishwasher was such a great deal! I reviewed many others before I purchased this one. Some don't have a drain pump like this one. I wasn't sure if this had a heating element to heat the water since I don't have hot water at the moment. Well it does and does it's job better than expected. It was really easy to setup and use right away. I haven't had any problems at all so far. Only one mistake I recommend not to overfill the detergent tray which could be easy to do since it's not deep and has no cover it's just a indent on the side of the door but the jet dry tray looks like it's time released. I put to much dishwasher soap in one time and had a little foam coming through the bottom of the door this was my mistake. I simply shut off the unit cleaned up the soapy foam and dried off the door. I turned the unit back on and it drains itself and restarts. There was no problems after that. This does what it's supposed to do very well works just as good as a full sized dishwasher!!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:33:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
49996004	After reading several reviews on several similar products I was fully aware when I load the dishwasher not to put more than 4 plates though it might say 6...etc. keeping that in mind it works great, easy to hook up, and the noise is low. I was concerned when I first opened the box, it had in fact been hooked up to water before it shipped to me. But, everything else was still it its new wrappings despite all the water. It is 2 months later and I am happy with my purchase. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:33:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
19846327	I bought this dishwasher 1 year ago.  It was noisy, belched steam, and overflowed with foam regularly.  While still under warranty, the electronic control panel went out 3 times (a $230 part).  Finally, our repairman refused to fix it because the cost of parts was now more than we'd paid for the unit.  He told us to call Frigidaire to get it replaced.  (Note: the 800 number is a recording giving you a toll number.  The toll number keeps you on hold for at least 20 minutes each call.)  Frigidaire refused to replace it because 1) it was still repairable, 2) we hadn't gotten two opinions from other repairmen, 3) they hadn't been advised of the problem by the repairman.  Each time I'd call, they told me my problem had to be reviewed by their Complaints Department, and they would call me back after 48 hours.  They never called back.  Each time I would call back after 3 or 4 days, and would have to start the claim process all over again with a new representative because they lost the paperwork every time.  After 5 weeks of arguing over the phone, demand letters, and consultation with my attorney, they finally agreed to replace it.  Fortunately the dealer, US Appliance, gave us a refund, and we bought a Whirlpool.  The only thing worse than Frigidaire dishwashers is Frigidaire Customer Service.  (Honestly, Frigidaire and service in the same sentence is an oxymoron!) 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:33:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
35028310	I live in a really old apartment that didn't come with a dishwasher. I really hate washing dishes by hand and this countertop definitely does the job. It was bigger than I expected, but I have a lot of counter space so it wasn't really a problem. The instructions for temporary installment weren't completely clear- which is why I gave it 4 stars- so it took me a minute to connect it right. It's really easy to use one it's hooked up, and there are never any problems with leaking or anything. I've only used it a handful of times so far, but all my dishes come out nice and clean and I just pull out the rack and let them air dry for a little bit once it's done. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:42:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear installation instructions	true
44537214	Do not buy any MAYTAG DISHWASHER with the front pannel circuit board with the handle.  Serious design flaw as the 4 screws that hold the pannel break 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:42:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
73874676	I read through some of the reviews on this dishwasher and I am left scratching my head!  I honestly have no idea what some of these people are talking about!  I live in an older apartment building that can not accomodate a full sized dishwasher.  Also, being a single mom, I have precious little free time, and I don't want to waste quality time that I could be spending with my child laboring over a sink full of dishes. Enter the Haier HDT18PA.  This thing has changed my life!  It works WONDERFULLY!  I have never pulled a still-dirty dish out of it, it holds much more than you would expect it to hold (and yes...it CAN hold pots..what are these people TALKING ABOUT????).  I am able to put about five or six full sized dinner plates, a few bowls, tons of silverware and a great deal of cups all in one load.  If I have more than that to wash, I can run two cycles. Big deal? It is quiet, fast, and an absolute delight to own.  If you have a lot of dishes, but not a lot of space...invest...you will be glad you did.  Honestly, $160 is not a lot to pay for getting you away from the front of the sink and back into the arms of your family.  I saw one reviewer complain that it will break down after a year.  I have owned mine for a bit shy of a year, but it is still going strong...and again I will say, we are only talking about 160 bucks...I would pay someone $160 to wash my dishes for six months...so if I get a year's worth of service out of this little beauty I will be more than happy. However, I do not see that it is showing any signs of failure.  Every dish still comes out spotless. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:42:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
28600595	I have been using my Bosch dishwasher for almost four months now and wanted to drop in a review. I will preface my review by saying that I realize this dishwasher got top marks online (on Bosch's site as well as another major appliance vendor). Because my household experience hasn't mirrored others' rave reviews, I tired to post my review on Bosch's web site. Interestingly, Bosh didn't post my review after several weeks. I tried posting it twice with various edits, but my review was never posted. So I'm posting my full review here on Amazon.I had been using a Whirlpool Gold dishwasher for about nine years. It worked extremely well, but in the last two months of that time, the motor started going bad and it got so loud that my wife and I couldn't hear ourselves talk in the kitchen. So before it finally stopped working, we decided to get a new dishwasher.I researched Consumer Reports and various online reviews before settling on the Bosch SHE55R52UC. Consumer Reports had this unit rated very highly, but it didn't get the recommended label because it was a bit more money than the sister model. But I elected to go with the SHE55R52UC because it had a better sound rating (I probably just wanted the quietest unit I could find after experiencing the last two months of my Whirlpool's life).I'm going to list the pros and cons below, but I want people to fully understand that these are my personal views. Some of the cons I list may not be cons for other people. Overall, the unit does what it's supposed to. My one-line summary would be that the Bosch trades off excellent noise and power savings over usability and cleaning ability. If I had to do it all over again, I probably wouldn't choose this same model. And I would definitely try to see, in person, the next dishwasher I buy before I actually buy it.Pros:- This unit is extremely quiet. The noise dampening material is the same material home builders use for high r-value insulation. It's also often used to sound-proof rooms. There is actually a little red light that shines on the floor to tell you when the unit is working. I think this red light is a bit of a marketing gimmick since you can actually hear the unit running if you're standing right next to it, but I can see how it's helpful if you're far away and want to know if it's still running or not.- The internal construction looks very solid. I'm crossing my fingers that it'll last for more than ten years.- It holds a ton of plates. The tines for the plates are pretty close together, and this allows for it to hold a lot of plates.- The silverware basket is nice. It can be long and rectangular or folded to be square. You can also flip a flap so that the silverware are turned upside down (I've found that they get very clean this way).- The top rack is removable to allow you to wash very large items (this is a nice feature, but I doubt I'll ever use it).- There is no heating element. The Bosch relies on residual water heat to evaporate and dry off. I like this because it saves energy. I've always just air dried the load in my Whirlpool by opening the door when the wash finished.- Controls are hidden on the top lip of the door. This is nice if you have small children who like to press random buttons.Cons:- Compared to my old Whirlpool, the Bosch is smaller- both inside and out. I noticed the outside was smaller because it slid into the same space and had a lot more wiggle room than my Whirlpool. The inside is also smaller.- While having the tines closer together allows me to put more plates into the racks, it makes putting larger items in a little more difficult. I'm finding that the Bosch holds a slightly less overall load then compared to my Whirlpool. We often wash big bowls and Pyrex bowls, and it's really hard to get a lot of them into the Bosch.- The Bosch doesn't seem to clean as well as my old Whirlpool. The Bosch isn't bad by any means, bit the dishes don't seem as clean when compared to my old Whirlpool. I should note that I've never used rinsing agents and have always just use the Cascade gel detergent in my Whirlpool. I've tried using tablets, powder, and gels in the Bosch and I don't see much of a difference. The end result is that I'll rinse items a little more before I put them into the Bosch.- I wish the door had some sort of a latching mechanism. To close the door, you just push it hard until it clicks shut. To open, you have to pull the handle hard until it opens. With my old Whirlpool, you would press a latch to open it. I'm mentioning this because if you don't properly secure the Bosch, you could easily pull the entire unit out when trying to open the door. This happened to us where after three weeks of use, the unit detached from the placed we had screwed it into. We had secured the unit at the top to a wood trim that was glued to our soapstone counter top. After too many hard pulls, the wood trim came unglued from the soapstone. So we reattached it on the sides to our cabinets. One could argue that we should have secured it more properly in the first place, but I would reply that our older Whirlpool was used for over nine years and just had simple screw on the top of the unit to a wood trim. I believe that because the Whirlpool's door had a latch, it significantly reduced the pressure on the screws whenever we opened and closed the door.- Again, this isn't a con, but if you buy this and install it yourself, note that there isn't a pig tail (power cord) on this unit.As I said from the beginning, this unit does what it's supposed to do. It does a decent job of cleaning and it's extremely quiet. If it was an option, I would give it 3.5 stars. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:42:56	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
47985545	I bought this because I have a small kitchen and I didnt want to remove the standard size cabinets.  It is perfect for me quiet and accomodates a full set of dishes. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:42:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
78832775	Had a bad experience during application.  There was a small speck below film.  When I pulled back the corner to remove the particle, the film was left with a permanent crease.  Could not remove the crease, and ended up throwing it away.  Would not recommend. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:43:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	I have no idea what this one means	false
67005233	I would not recommend ANYONE buy this or any other Frigidaire product. Just over 1.5 years ago we remodeled our kitchen and purchased an entire suite of Frigidaire Professional series products (fridge, dishwasher, mircowave and range).The first dishwasher delivered had a huge dent in it, and had to be re-delivered before we could even install it (in retrospect the dent was probably the least of our worries).From the start the dishwasher made a grinding sound at one part in the cycle. We thought it was odd but normal given that it was brand new. A few months into our ownership that grinding noise became louder and constant throughout the cycle.When the repairman arrived to diagnose the problem he took one look at the model and said, Ohhhh, they've been having a lot of problems with this model. A lot of problems is right!It turns out that the motor was bad, and had to be replaced. That motor lasted for another few months before the grinding noise came back again. We replaced two motors under the original manufacturer warranty.Knowing this was a ticking time bomb, we purchased the extended warranty. Almost immediately afterward our dishwasher began spilling water onto our hardwood floors. (Since we often ran the dishwasher at night the first time the water sat on the floor the entire night before it was discovered).This was an erratic problem and Fridigaire wouldn't replace any of the parts without verification on the problem. It took six months, but I was finally able to capture the leaking on my phone to prove the problem existed, at which time they replaced a flimsy rubber gasket that probably cost them all of $20.We are now on our third motor and it too is beginning to fail. The noise is still erratic, so it will probably be another few months before Frigidaire will admin there is a problem and do anything about it.All in all, here's the run-down of our experience with Frigidaire:1) Dishwasher - Zero reliability. If you're won over by the positive reviews here, do yourself a favor and buy the extended warranty; you can thank me later.2) Microwave (FPBM189KF) - Zero reliability. It's dead after 1.5 years and will cost more to repair than to replace.3) Refrigerator (FPHC2398LF) - One service repair under warranty for water leaking onto the floor from the ice machine. The custom counter surrounding the fridge is actually wrapped from the water leak.4) Range (FPGF3081KF) - Amazing. True work horse. Stove warms fast and has five burners (one is narrow in the center and great for pan sauces and griddles), oven is great, warming drawer is a nice plus. I wish all Frigidaire products could work this well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:43:25	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82604529	We bought this dishwasher because of how good it looked as well as the high rating Consumer Reports gave it.  I installed it myself in this home that we bought new in 1999.  This is the third new dishwasher since moving in to this home. The other two machines, one a GE and the other a Frigidaire were noisy and repair prone.  This LG is mighty quiet compared to our previous budget-priced machines and is better looking with its top of door edge controls.  It has cleaned well from the get-go.  It does not have a dryer heating element, depending on condensation to dry the dishes.  We leave the dishes in the washer overnight, that being long enough to allow them to dry on their own.  The dishes always come out very clean.  The machine holds a lot of dishes and has a knife, fork and spoon basket that keeps the cutlery well-separated to encourage cleaning and drying.  We like the machine a lot.  The only problem we have had with it is that one of the nylon cables attached to the springs that assist door lifting frayed and broke.  For ten bucks, I bought replacement cables, installing them myself in about 15 minutes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:43:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Does their issue with the spring count as a complaint?	false
63107514	This dishwasher is so different, that it takes some getting used to. We almost went with a more traditional model. We're so glad we didn't! It cleans just as well as any dishwasher. Some reviewers have said their dishes are not dry, but mine are as dry as they were in any previous dishwasher I've owned. No, it will not clean poorly-rinsed dishes with caked-on food in one wash, but what dishwasher will? The cycle takes longer than my old dishwasher. But I understand that all the newer energy-star models do. Bummer, but I guess that's progress for you!But what a great design! There are no more rules... No more this has to go here, and that has to go there. I can put full-sized dinner plates on top, put any item anywhere there is room. The racking system is very flexible. After just a tiny amount of experimenting around (I started feeling comfortable with it after just one or two loads), you'll find that it allows you to move things around and change it up depending on the dishes you have. What a concept! With my old dishwasher, at times I used to find that the top rack was full, but the bottom was empty. I would be left trying to decide if it was worth running the dishwasher anyway. I'd be trying to move things around and redistribute the load a little better, but the bottom wasn't really designed to hold cups and glasses, so they would be rattling around. Not so with this dishwasher. Not only can I put any item anywhere it will fit. I also have the option, of course, to run a smaller load in just one drawer.Think about it. Have you ever had dirty dishes in the dishwasher, but were about to have a snack, which meant more dirty dishes? That used to prevent me from starting the entire load. Not so with two drawers. I can start the fuller of the two and finish off the second one when I am done with my snack. When the dishes from the first load are clean, I start to empty the dishwasher. By the time I am done unloading drawer #1 drawer #2 is done.I also have really started to like running and emptying smaller loads. I get my favorite mug back faster, and unloading the dishwasher is less daunting because I am done in five minutes.This dishwasher has done more to change the way I approach a dishwasher than any I have ever seen. I would recommend it to anyone! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:43:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51426359	The dishwasher was very well packed and arrived in perfect condition. The set-up and operating instructions are only so-so, but luckily I had a similar portable dishwasher in the '70's so I knew how to attach the special aerator to the faucet and attach the hoses to that aerator. I also knew that the little red button was to release the pressure so you don't get squirted when you disconnect the hoses from the aerator.The manual also doesn't explain what to expect during the various cycles so we were at first concerned when it did NOT pump out all the water in the tub at the very beginning of the #34;dry#34; cycle during a #34;rinse-only#34; test. However, my daughter (the user) reports that all is well and that patience is a virtue with this machine (that is, the cycles are very long). 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 13:43:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54133004	Ok I read the reviews on here and made my purchase decision based on them. I have had no problems with my dishwasher- it performs as promised.When I unboxed it the metal on the bottom was not fully pushed down (hard to describe) and left the water wand on the bottom hitting the dishwasher tray causing the dishwasher to cease the wash cycle. I noticed that other reviewers had this problem and came up with other solutions like raising the rail surface that the wheels ride on etc to get more clearance. Here's what works-This dishwasher doesn't need any of those half fixes- it was built to the correct tolerances from the factory. All you have to do is push down HARD on the metal bottom around the water wand and you will hear a 'popping' noise as the metal pushes down into where it should be. This issue hasn't affected all dishwashers as many don't report this problem at all. Anyway- not an issue- you push it down and boom- you're done. It's fixed forever. Back in the proper place.The water wand will now be square with the world and everything will function perfectly.Now when I say push down hard- I mean it- I am a 230 lb body builder and I pushed down hard. So there you go. If yours arrives square with the world then its not an issue you will have to deal with.No big deal- ever since then it has worked flawlessly.I have not had the leak issue that some have contended with. I considered putting plumbers grease on the o rings etc but didn't bother and like I said- no problems.The only thing that I didn't read that I have is with the tap attachment piece, when it's on and the water is running, water sprays everywhere. Simple fix is a rag over top of this and then the water just drips down into the sink. Not a big deal again, but it is a water waster for sure.I found that after the cycle was over if I opened the door to let the steam escape my dishes came out dry unlike some other reviewers.Overall this met my expectations completely. I hate doing dishes so its worth it to me. If you really don't mind doing dishes you probably don't need this. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:47:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
23437569	I bought this dishwasher for my tiny house.  I have no room in my kitchen for a full sized, or portable dishwasher, so this countertop one is perfect.The product description states, #8220;Quick connect to any kitchen faucet#8230;#8221;, which, according to Murphy#8217;s Law, basically means it will connect to any faucet, BUT mine.  The faucet adaptor on the dishwasher fits standard sized 15/16 faucets.  My faucet was 7/8, so the adaptor was too big.  This had me running to three different hardware stores looking for a reducer like a dog chasing wily vermin.  I didn#8217;t have any luck with finding a reducer, so I just bought another faucet, and the adaptor screwed right on. Within a few minutes, I was washing my first load of dishes.I read in the reviews where some people were sprayed with water after connecting the faucet adaptor and turning the water on.  After I screwed my adaptor on, I tightened it with pliers and I didn#8217;t get sprayed.  I also like how easily the faucet adaptor connects and disconnects.Another reviewer mentioned running the water until it#8217;s hot before connecting the faucet adaptor, and that was a useful tip.The manual doesn#8217;t go into a lot of detail, but it#8217;s pretty straight forward.The dishwasher is the size of a large microwave and does take up counter space, but so does a pile of dirty dishes waiting to be washed by hand.The dishwasher holds a good-sized load and my dishes came out sparkling clean.It#8217;s quiet for the most part and the eight second buzz is loud, but it#8217;s nothing compared to listening to my son moan and groan while thrashing around on the kitchen floor for twenty minutes when it was his turn to wash the dishes before I bought the dishwasher.I refer to my dishwasher as #8220;my boyfriend#8221; so I can brag about what a wonderful job #8220;my boyfriend#8221; does washing my dishes.  I am now the envy of all my girlfriends.Overall, I am very pleased with this dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:47:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear instructions, did not fit users faucet	true
32182966	Amazon page is very messed up, so I ordered a kitchenaid dishwasher and got a GE. I am very happy with the GE. It is a simple machine, no bells and whistles and I did not get taken to the cleaners. The price was for the GE. I highly recommend this dishwasher as it is not noisy, but fairly quiet. Cleans really well and like I said simple to use 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:47:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
32185316	Delivered to my door as stated and it arrived in perfect shape and works beautifully! Beats having to drive out of town to make a purchase of this sort. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:47:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
28455327	We've had similar problems with this dishwasher.  This first problem is that regular sized dinner plates don't fit!!!  The second is the soap dispenser doesn't open all the time.  I agree with others, a total lemon. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:47:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	soap dispenser, spacing complaint	true
77254601	Love the features, and despite the other reviews does indeed get our dishes clean, including removing lipstick from wine glasses and egg yolk from plates, both notoriously hard to clean.My issue is that the quality/durability of the item is questionable. Ours developed a short in the control panel at 13 months, right after the full warrantee expired. Customer service was pretty good, but the first LG service rep they recommended was sub-par and failed to diagnose the problem costing us $140 and then refused to return our calls when the repair was not done properly. Ultimately, this high-end dishwasher, barely out of warrantee cost an additional $300+ in labor costs to repair.Bottom line, I like the functionality of the dishwasher, but will think twice before buying another LG product based upon the questionable quality of this product. P-( 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:56:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
56789095	Ok, no problem with the quality of cleaning the dishes what so ever.The dishes are clean and allthough not completely dry, it does what it has to do. So this dish washer does its job well.We are new with dishwashers so not much to compare with. But our machine leaks.We have used it 8 times now. The first 3 times it was good, allthough again the dishes were not perfectly dry, but that not an issue for us.But the 4th time it leaked a lot.So we read the instructions one more time. It said we have to ad the RINSE AID. and indeed we have not used that. So I filled it with the rinse aid, and yes. The dishes were dry. Only thing. The bottle says to refill it once a month. There is a led (little light)to warn when the RINSE AID is low. The first 3 times ofcourse the led was shinning brightly. But after adding the RINSE AID the LED was off, after we started the dishwasher. But during that very first wash, the Led lighted up again. And the machine is still leaking.We are happy with the machine, because with 3 kids it is an extra help for sure. We will call the support and ask them about the 2 issues. We can not replace the machine, because we live in Aruba. But maybe the seals can be replaced. I am a techncal guy and able to do it myself.I will let readers of this review know what the final conclusion will be.Again, the machine works well; but the leaking is a problem. OK, with leaking we mean. We need to put towels around the machine to absorb the water. The towels do the job, but it is not the idea, I suppose. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:56:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
51516022	I had a new Thermador dishwasher installed Friday, and it doesn't drain. We tried calling customer service over the weekend. Nowhere on the manual does it state customer service hours, and the phone message also doesn't explain that there is no weekend service. After being on hold for 30 minutes, after-hours help answered, only to inform us that there is no service until Monday! It would be nice if the manual and phone tree would explain how service works. Additionally, I won't get any help with my issue until this coming Thursday when a technician is scheduled to arrive. To make matters more frustrating, the manual does not troubleshoot drainage issues, so we found their documentation pretty useless. I hope to have a better experience with my appliance when I actually get to use it, but for now my beautiful new washer is sitting in my kitchen for a week with standing water in it that I just spent 15 minutes and 4 towels to bail out. Not what I imagined - a bad first impression with this brand. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:56:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"drain" complaint, not necessarily related to the drain hose	true
85883383	I bought this as a gift for my daughter. She is so glad to have it. She says it is quiet and does a good job cleaning. Easy to use. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:56:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
61295241	This dishwasher has been amazing!  I haven't had my own dishwasher for about 5 years and this one seems to work just as well as the full size ones I remember.  It gets my dishes cleaner than I ever did washing by hand.  It doesn't have a true drying cycle but it gets dishes hot enough that I'll leave it open when it's done and the dishes dry themselves.The biggest problem I ran into had more to do with the age of my kitchen sink than the dishwasher itself and it was something I never considered before buying.  When I went to screw the adapter onto my kitchen faucet I discovered the adapter was too large and wouldn't fit on the faucet at all.  I figured its time to get a new faucet anyway.  Once I discovered I need a 2 hole faucet with 6 centers, meaning the sink has 2 holes that are 6 inches apart for the hot and cold water pipes to hook up to, I made my way to Home Depot.  At Home Depot I could not find one 2 hole faucet with 6 centers so I tried a few other 1 and 2 hole faucets and either they wouldn't fit the sink, or if they fit the sink, the adapter wouldn't fit.  Then I started to look online.  Finally, I found ACE Hardware carried just one faucet that would fit my sink AND the adapter fits.It does take up a lot of space and it needs to be close to the sink so that should be a consideration before buying.  I thought I would try putting it on a cart but the dishwasher it pretty heavy when its empty and the carts I looked at that I felt would hold the weight when full cost about as much as the dishwasher.  If you need a mobile dishwasher get one with wheels.  You'll probably save money and get a bigger device.I am very pleased with this purchase and it is worth the small price for all the work it does. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 13:56:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	adaptor is not very accommodating	true
27386013	I needed a portable dw till we remodel.  This model could be bigger, but I  haven't owned a dw for several years, so I may have just purchased one that was too small. Our household is only 2 people though. Moves easily, connects easily, good choice of cycles.  We live in a small house  and our bedroom is near the kitchen, even with the door open I can sleep if I run it at night. Price was good , especially on sale. The feature I liked the best was that it could be converted to a built in style, but after  experiencing the small size, I would sell and go bigger.  The top rack for glasses does not adjust and some coffee go cups don't fit, wine glasses don't fit either. Thing I HATE about it is that you have to clear  food  debris from a screen way in the back of the washer compartment. I 'm 5'6 and I can't  even reach the back  without contorting to get back there. This could have been in a better place, or the screen could  be removable so you can just pick it up and shake it out in the  trash. Tines in the racks bend easily. Fake wood  top  is really cheesy for the slick black front.  Real wood would  be better or  just lamenant that doesn't pretend to be wood. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:03:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	inconvenient design, and too small for user's preference, rack defect	true
66708626	In a bit of a hurry, I ordered the Haier dishwasher without reading all the reviews. It arrived damaged and clearly it went into the box that way, because the box and packing materials were pristine.  I called the company and they suggested I try to fix it myself, if that didn't work, then I could take it to a service center.So, after bending some metal with pliers and a bit of duct tape, I got it working.The unit does work now and quite well, but it is so flimsy that I worry it won't last long. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:03:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
62995226	My initial experience with this product was very good; it is quiet, very attractive, washes dishes well but shortly begins to deteriorate just like the experience of so many others posted here. All but one of our Frigidaire kitchen appliances has now had problems of one kind or another over the last year and a half. I wish we had read Amazon's reviews before purchasing anything in this product line. Behind all of that pretty stainless steel is cheap plastic and only enough of it to barely do the job. This manufacturing method may benefit shipping and installation as well as short term profits for Frigidaire but in the long run it is not economically or environmentally sustainable. Oftentimes I walk into our kitchen and I think back how distraught I was when my wife insisted we install designer grade granite at a cost of more than double that of the contractor grade but now I am so glad we did; I wish we had done the same with the appliances! Buy quality and cry once.Sometimes you do get lucky and I hope others that have these particular appliances continue to experience this kind of good luck; however, I have not had that good fortune and will no longer be buying or recommending the Frigidaire line to anyone regardless of who their next parent company is and the reputation they currently have or may have had in the past. Amazon has provided us with such a tremendous tool to protect ourselves from the corporate cheapsters. It is time to do due diligence and read the reviews first! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:03:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	no specific component, and user complains of cheap materials	true
68928438	This dishwasher replaces a 6 year old Maytag which recently quit working.  Even when it was working though, it really never did a good job washing dishes.  My husband and I just wanted a simple, inexpensive dishwasher that cleaned the dishes well...this dishwasher fits the bill.  Over the years, we have used 5 or 6 different dishwashers in the various places we've lived and this one beats them all in how clean it gets the dishes.My only complaint is how loud it is.  When I first heard it, I thought I was hanging off the back of the Titanic listening to that ship's propellers chop through the water.  This is the only reason I gave this dishwasher 4 stars istead of 5.  If I could have, I would have given it 4.5 stars.  In the end though, the loudness is no big deal since I run this at night and just shut my bedroom door.One other item you should know is that this is a standard (not tall) tub dishwasher, so, it's a little smaller inside than many of the dishwashers out there.  Again, no big deal, just something that's good to know before you buy.If you are in the market for an inexpensive dishwasher that does a great job, do yourself a favor and buy this one! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:03:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		true
61689	Danby will not honor the warranty. They cannot get parts from China to repair their products. They will not replace the dishwasher when broken, or fix it. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT OR DO ANY BUSINESS WITH DANBY. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:03:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	user complaining about brand rather than a unit	true
27548329	As another reviewed noted, we had a problem with the clamp on the hose coming removed.  Whirlpool is aware of the issue, but now we have over $5k of damage to our hard wood floors.  Do not buy Kitchenaid orWhirlpool products... 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:10:36	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
32487090	This is by far one of the most beautiful dishwashers you will lay eyes.  That's where the positive points stop.It just plain and simple doesn't doesn't cut the mustard, literally.  It was difficult to install, but once there left a gritty film on all the dishes.  Lipstick stains and coffee rings remained after multiple washings.I was truly disappointed.  A dishwashwer in this price range shouldn't have this many VERY negative reviews.  I returned it for a Whirlpool Gold that is not as pretty on the inside, but really works well.Samsung needs to work the kinks out before releasing a new model. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:10:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
80516938	I looked for many months for a countertop dishwasher, and read many, many reviews.  I finally settled on this one as it seemed to fit my needs and garnered decent press.  I was leary at first because all I can remember are those lovely bubble-top countertop dishwashers from the 60's and 70's that did little more than rinse the dishes.  Was I ever mistaken.  The carton arrived a week earlier than estimated, with absolutely no damage (extremely well packed).  The instructions are straightforward, and putting the adaptor on the kitchen sink took less than a minute.  Then it was simply a matter of hand-tightening the connections, and presto! it was ready to go.  The inside of this dishwasher swallowed a complete service for 6 (I tried - with 10.5 plates no less), with some space left over for a few serving dishes.  It has several cycles to choose from, and I have found that the glasses only cycle seems to work well for most of my daily needs.  It has a built-in heater (to 149), and the wastewater discharge is pumped - not gravity-fed, so you could place this dishwasher lower than the sink.  The exterior is very sleek and no-nonsense, with few bells and whistles that can eventually go wrong.  And it does a phenomenal job!  I have yet to find any unclean dishes or utensils when it's done.  It does take a while, however, with the heavy cycle lasting 112 minutes, normal - 85 minutes, eco - 77 minutes, glasses - 71 minutes, speed - 45 minutes, and soak - 10 minutes.  It also has delayed start in increments of 2 hours, up to 8 hours.  The interior is all stainless steel, and it sounds like quality (if there is such a thing) when you close the door.  Yes, it is fairly noisy, but most dishwashers are, and this one is setting out in the open on a countertop - so I can easily live with that.  The rinse-aid dispenser even has a warning light that comes on when it needs to be refilled, and Edgestar also lists the proper amount of detergent to use.  This last is dependent on the local water, and you'll have to make a call to get the grain count (hardness level) of your water, but that wasn't even an annoyance for me.  Overall, I am very pleased with this unit.  It does take up considerable countertop space, so measure carefully - it barely fit under my cabinets, but was convinced to go finally.  It really does a full-size job in a countertop package.  I definitely recommend this to anyone who is not a large family - it works amazingly well for 1, 2 or even 3 people.  And it's very water and power efficient. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:10:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	space, time, noise complaints	true
59554713	When we moved into our 5 year old house there was a GE dishwasher installed (I assume it was the original one that was put in when the house was built).  It was terrible...was loud enough that you could hear it in every room of the house and running it on the auto cycle resulted in dirty dishes without fail.  We had to load it in a very specific way and also activate several of the 'optional' cycles (heated start, heated wash and sanitize) in order to get clean dishes...this resulted in a run time of about 3 1/2 hours.  We finally decided to replace it...read a bunch of reviews, talked to a family member who had recently replaced her dishwasher and finally decided on this model.  Overall I'm very happy we did!  Very quiet (though not totally 'silent' as some have said), super clean dishes, really nice looking on the inside and out, versatile rack design (that takes some getting used to..more on that later).I figured I'd just address a couple of the common complaints that I've seen about this dishwasher...1.  First off, yes, It's smaller than what I'm used to.  I have seen a couple different reasons for this but we were told by a sales person that a normal dishwasher has a heating element in the bottom that is used for heating the water and also drying the dishes.  Bosch on the other hand has what could be compared to a tankless water heater built in and that this takes up some space...therefore a smaller interior.  While I agree that it's smaller, I have not found that this actually results in fewer dishes fitting in.  The racks hold many of the items closer together than what I'm used to so I can fit just as many plates, for example, into a smaller space and they still get completely clean.  The top rack has these flip down plastic things along one side so I can fill up the rack with coffee cups, for example, flip the plastic racks down and then put in another row of coffee cups.  So in that spot it's actually holding almost double what I'd be able to do in the past.  And even doubled up like that, everything still gets clean.  Another plus is that plastic items can be put on the bottom rack without fear that they'll melt due to the heat of the element in the bottom.2.  Wet dishes...I have not experienced this any more than any other dishwasher I've ever used.  Plastic items often still have water on them but in my experience this is pretty standard in a dishwasher.  They don't come out any wetter than dishwashers we've had that use a heating element to dry.  And as for everything else (regular ceramic dishes, metal bowls, silverware, glasses, etc.) they are totally dry, even when I open the dishwasher immediately after the cycle has completed.  And this is without using the sanitize cycle, which I know some people use to aid in drying.  I've read on a couple different repair sites that if your Bosch dishwasher isn't drying or is having a stagnant water problem then there is most likely something wrong with your drain hose.3.  Long run time...I've seen people complain about the long run time...well, I don't know what you're comparing the Bosch to, but I know that in our case we went from a 3 1/2 hour run time on the old dishwasher to about 1 1/2 hour run time on the Bosch.  So as far as that goes, I'm extremely happy!  Again, I'm not using the sanitize cycle (which would make a longer run time) as I see no need for it.4.  No food grinder/disposal...in my experience these seem like a good idea but in actual practice are useless.  My reasoning is that in a regular dishwasher, it fills with water that then gets recirculated over and over as it blasts your dishes.  When it drains, the disposal grinds up the washed away food before dumping the water down the drain.  Problem is, much of the food coming off the dishes also ends up getting recirculated which, I think, is the main reason that you may find little bits of food stuck to dishes that never originally had that food on them.  The Bosch on the other hand, uses this excellent filter system which helps make sure that food isn't getting redeposited onto your dishes.  Our installer told us to check the filter once a month (he suggested checking it when we have to refill the rinse aid compartment which, when filled, should last for 30-40 washes) and clean it if we see any visible food particles.Ok so now a couple tips on this thing...1.  Cram it full with dirty dishes.  Scrape off any big chunks but don't rinse.  Every single study or review I've seen says the same thing.  Quit rinsing the dishes before you put them in.  I guess there are a couple reasons for this...that newer dishwashing detergents work better when there is a lot of food particles to attach to, that the soil sensors that most dishwashers have work more accurately when the dishes are dirtier.  I don't really know about all that...but I know that it's been true.  Chunks of food are put in the garbage, compost or disposal and the dirty dish goes into the dishwasher.  This basically goes against the way I've used a dishwasher for my whole life.  But I load up the Bosch as tightly as I can fit the dishes in, with food crud all over them, and in some cases leave them sitting there for a day or two and everything comes out perfectly clean and dry.2.  Don't worry so much about where everything goes.  I'm used to having kind of a set way of loading...glasses, top rack, right and left sides.  Plates, bottom rack, loading from right and left sides and working inward.  Etc.  With the Bosch I just put stuff wherever there is a space.  I realized that it works so well that I don't have to worry much about the particular way everything goes.  The only thing I have to think about are small, usually plastic items.  I think the Bosch must have a much higher water pressure that what I've experienced before so small, lightweight items tend to go flying.  I've ordered 2 packs of their 'small item' accessory clips to help with this (we have a baby and the bits and pieces of her bottles often get flipped over in the wash) so hopefully those will fix the problem.3.  Find the right detergent for your water.  I don't think that there is a universal dishwasher detergent that works for everyone in every dishwasher.  I think the type of water you have makes a huge difference.  In our case, we tried Finish tablets with Jet Dry rinse aid because this was suggested by Bosch and have been very happy with that combination.  But I know that in a previous home, we had overly soft water and the tablets would not have worked well because they wouldn't have dissolved all the way.Anyhow...sorry to be so overly wordy.  Again...great dishwasher, best I've ever had.  Clean, dry dishes.  No pre-rinsing needed.  Quick cycle.  Quiet.  Nice looking.  Would totally buy it again. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:10:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	still wet plastic items, sometimes finds random food pieces on dishes	true
8977035	we purchased a double drawer unit and had it for 10 years.  service was good when we needed it...only once. and we will be buying another one for our new home. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:10:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
62115976	I could get into all the details of how well it washes all our dishes, but you could find plenty of such reviews.  What has given me peace is that my bride loves this machine!  It is quiet, does what it says.  We replaced a 5 year old LG that never got our dishes this clean. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:11:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59364107	This dishwasher was very expensive when I purchased it (over $1000) and it has been nothing but problems for 2 years. It is true that it is quiet--actually silent because it rarely works. It reads alert at least every other month and will not operate. Each time, I have to wait days for a technician to clear the electrical board--and have to pay for service calls. I made a huge mistake purchasing this dishwasher. Do not get this dishwasher. You will be sorry. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:11:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	This one does not state that there is a specific defect.	false
87151647	I have included the technical details about the water, etc at my house at the bottom. These can be crucial, please keep that in mind. Now on with the dishwasher...I really like the stainless interior.Noise: Decent. Better than any I've had before. But I must say I was hoping for just a bit quieter. I'm not sending this thing back now though.Cleanliness of Dishes: This dishwasher is superb. It's important to account for the nature of the tap water, which I do here. (See notes at end for more details.)Dryness: A good balance of dry and let's keep the electricity bill sane. I approve.Organization of racks, etc.: Good. Easy to find an efficient arrangement for my collection of dishes.OK all the technical details. These can make a big difference.I always choose normal (which by default includes heated dry, which can be turned off if desired) then start.The water at my house: 120 ppm as CaCO2 (converts to about 7 grains per gallon, if you use those units.) This is border moderately hard / hard.Just before starting dishwasher I always run the hot water at my kitchen sink till it feels hot. This is important because the water temperature makes a big difference. If the pipe between your water heater and dishwasher is full of cold water your dishwasher will be half full of cold water and just won't work properly. FWIW, I have measured the fully hot water at my kitchen sink at 53C (125F).Cleaning/rinse products I add: One Cascade action pack to the little hatch door. Nothing else. Nothing. This means the first infusion is just tap water. I think this is about right for my water. You might need to add more/less if your water is harder/softer than mine. Too much detergent etches the glass. Not enough leaves hard water deposits. If you glasses are cloudy, try soaking them in vinegar. If the vinegar removes the cloudiness it is hard water deposits and you should add more detergent. If the vinegar doesn't remove the cloudiness you are using too much detergent, which etches the glass. At least that's how I understand it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:11:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"it gets hot"	false
45172829	I have had no problems with the dishwaser. There is only 2 of us and it works great for us. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:11:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72249293	This dishwasher is great! If you are alone, or a newly living together couple. It handles almost all my dishes except my largest of pots and pans. Fits plates up to 12#34; but I can fit my 14#34; plates by skipping a loading spot and tilting the plates.I've had this for almost a year now and not encountered any problems what so ever.  Could not be happier about this purchase! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:11:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36077150	Very easy to hook up to the sink, it also come with the necessary supplies for permanent installation under the sink. I would never be able to get 6 place setting in this dishwasher as the description states, but maybe 4.  It does a terrific job of cleaning the dishes, and I am very pleased with it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:13:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23501419	Haier has produced an interesting product with interesting features. This dishwasher has a stainless steel interior and on my model a stainless steel exterior. The racks are well thought out with folding tines to accomodate large pots and bowls. There are choices of cycles including sanitize which treats the load at a high temperature. The dishwashed functions well even with baked on food.Installation was kind of difficult, as this unit was slightly deeper and higher than the unit it replaced. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:13:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
19426680	I purchased this dishwasher from Home Depot about 6 months ago, although I could have got it slightly cheaper here on Amazon.  I live in a small apartment and have never had a dishwasher.  Dishes are my absolute LEAST favorite chore so dishes were always piling up in my sink until I gathered the resolve to finally wash them.  By hand.  Which took hours.  Ugh.  I finally decided to end my misery and look at some portable dishwashers and this one had the best reviews.  I chose a countertop size because it's just me and my husband here so on a daily basis we don't create a lot of dirty dishes.  This dishwasher really is the perfect size for us.  Even with it being small, it still takes us 2 days to fill it.  It fits a surprising amount of stuff in it, although my large plates are a tight fit.  Even when I am pretty sure I've overpacked it, everything still comes out sparkling clean! Seriously, I've never had anything come out of this dishwasher anything less than fully clean, and I do not pre-rinse anything before putting it in.  I am impressed.  The one thing I dislike about it is that a full regular cycle takes quite a long time.  About 80 minutes I think.  I don't dislike it enough to give this product less than 5 stars though. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:13:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54754999	I have had this thing about a year and so for have had to replace both drain pumps, the only thing good about this washer is the looks and it is quiet.  Do not buy. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:13:39	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
37578120	...and so do I, because I don't have stinky-sink syndrome anymore. Ewww! Phew!!With that said, I'm primarily writing this review to 5-star (*****) this SPT Dishwasher and secondarily as a guide for anyone else that needs help with getting this guy working in your kitchen, SIMULTANEOUSLY with a Garden Hose. I figured I'd help the next Harry-homemaker out there - perhaps save you from the self-loathing stupidity and teeth-gritting frustration that my project seemed to have been fraught with.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECTS: Several separate projects needed to come together for my life to proceed:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECT 1: Connect my awesome new portable dishwasher to my Moen kitchen faucet.--#62; See NOTE 1 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 2: Connect my awesome new hose to my Moen kitchen faucet.--#62; See NOTE 2 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 3: Have both the dishwasher AND hose connected to the faucet AT THE SAME TIME--#62; See NOTE 3 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 4: Allow for quick removal  stowage of aforementioned dishwasher and hose; allow for normal faucet  sink functions --#62; See NOTE 4 below for part names  quantities--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PRODUCTS  QUANTITIES REQUIRED:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTE 1: [Qty. 1] SPT Model SD-9239SS 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel--#62; This dishwasher is the best thing I've owned for a number of reasons. Don't skimp on the the counter-top models. This guy has casters, is solidly built and shipped in some fricken awesome packaging. He has a stowable 5'-ish 110v power cord and a 4'-ish water-coupling hose set coming out of his back. He shipped fully assembled, instuctions on how to run and maintain it, but  no instructions on how to connect it to the sink. It did ship with a nice chrome 'quick-connect' faucet adapter with a FEMALE 55/64#34;-27 connection on one end, and a 'standard' quick-connect on the other.NOTE 2: [Qty. 1] Water Right PSH-075-MG-4PKRS 75-Foot x 1/2-Inch Polyurethane Lead Safe Ultra Light Slim Garden Hose - Olive GreenNOTE 3: [Qty. 1] Camco 20123 RV Brass Water Wye ValveNOTE 4: [Qty. 1] Gardena 9042-BK Garden Hose Quick Connect Starter Set--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OTHER REQUIRED PRODUCTS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1) [Qty. 1] LDR 500 2050 Aerator Adapter, Faucet to Hose to Aerator--#62; adapted my MALE 55/64#34;-27 connection kitchen sink faucet to provide a MALE GARDEN HOSE connection2) [Qty. 1] Lasco 09-1641NL No Lead, Female To Male Faucet Adapter--#62; adapted my Camco 20123 RV Brass Water Wye Valve Garden Hose 3/4#34; MALE connector to the SPT Model SD-9239SS quick-connect adapter. The 3/4#34; FEMALE end of this adapter connects to the Y-splitter, making a 55/64#34;-27 MALE connection available. Then you connect the provided-in-the-box SPT Dishwasher chrome quick-connect to this end.  This is the kludgiest part of the setup.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OTHER OPTIONAL PRODUCTS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1) [Qty. 1] Dramm 12353 Heavy-Duty Brass Shut-Off Valve--#62; attached to the spraying end of my hose for, well, ON/OFF capabilities from that end of the hose (and not in the kitchen)2) [Qty. 1] Bullseye Power Nozzle--#62; attached to the spraying end of my hose for, well, high-pressure spraying with low-pressure water feed from the kitchen faucet--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECT OVERVIEW WITH DETAILS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------STEP 1: Remove aerator tip from kitchen sink faucet.STEP 2: Connect faucet-to-garden hose adapter to kitchen sink faucet.--#62; My MOEN kitchen sink has a male 55/66#34;-27 MALE connector, after removing the little aerator tip. To this, I connected the LDR 500 2050 55/64#34;-26 FEMALE end of the adapter, leaving the 3/4#34; MALE Garden Hose connector available.STEP 3: Connect Garden Hose Y-adapter to kitchen sink faucet--#62; The brass Camco 20123 with shut-off levers has a nice soft grip to ensure the fitting is snug. This leaves two (2) Garden Hose 3/4#34; MALE connectors exposed. Test for leaks by shutting the shut-off valves and turning the water on.STEP 4: Connect the Gardena quick-connect adapter to one of the available Garden Hose connectors.--#62; The Gardena 9042 kit has a bunch of connectors, adapters and doo-hickeys in it.  Use the DARK GREY 3/4#34; FEMALE Garden Hose to MALE quick-connect adapter piece. If you're looking at their kit pictured, it's on the top right corner of the layout.---====THIS IS FOR YOUR GARDEN HOSE====--STEP 5: Connect the 'intermediary' adapter to the Y-adapter.--#62; As I mentioned earlier, the Lasco 09-1641NL No Lead, Female To Male Faucet Adapter sits in between the Camco 20123 Y-adapter and the SPT Dishwasher chrome quick connect adapter.STEP 6: Connect the SPT Dishwasher chrome quick-connect adapter.--#62; From the previous step, the Lasco 'intermediary' adapter provided an unknown measurement MALE connector that screws INTO the SPT Dishwasher's FEMALE end of the quick-connect adapter. Did I mention this is a kludge? I KNOW THERE'S A BETTER WAY, but this works with the parts I have.---====THIS IS FOR YOUR SPT DISHWASHER HOSE COUPLING====----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEW SUMMARY:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Best home investment I've ever made.-MAXIMUSP.S. - Please excuse any typos or missed steps. I think you get the point, and the passion. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 14:13:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	I think this is just a "how to" and not really a review of a dishwasher	false
17780393	I agree with the reviewer who would give this product 0 stars if possible. I have had this dishwasher for a little more than a year and am planning to get rid of it as soon as I can. It has performed horribly since day one:-- does not dry dishes properly-- does not always wash dishes properly--drawers are too small for large or tall platters or pans-- racks are not designed for efficient loading-- and, most recently, I discovered black mold all over the top drawer!This is the worst appliance I have ever owned. I bought it because Kitchenaid had a good reputation. I will never buy a Kitchenaid appliance again based on this experience. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:21:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
7495991	I have this dishwasher in an apartment where I live much of the year. It does not clean the dishes, particularly the flatware. When I first used it, the water was not draining out.  The maintenance man came up to clear the outlets.  He told me this was purchased because it was about the cheapest dishwasher they could put in the apartments.  It broke and clogged frequently.  He also advised me, if I wanted my dishes clean, to wash them before I put them in the dishwasher.  Huh? What kind of dishwasher it that? 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:21:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
73489721	Had no dishwasher when we moved in.  For years I thought it was impossible to add one without a major renovation.  The old portable we had was more bother than it was worth.  Finally got the brainstorm to have a carpenter install an 18 dishwasher where a bank of drawers had been and build a frame for the drawers over where the portable dishwasher used to stand (unused).  Had my choice of really low-end dishwashers or this one.  It was hard to spend the money since I wasn't even sure an 18 would have a reasonable capacity to make it worthwhile and at the time these were going for even more then they are now.It was worth it! I wouldn't even want a 24 dishwasher.  It's just two of us day-to-day and this is perfect.  We run it roughly every other day and still a a clean plate or two available while it's running.  If we have company and run it twice in a day - who cares?  It cleans better than I could have imagined - I'm convinced one of the keys is using the powdered dish detergent sparely.  More is not better.  Different settings have different run times but we start it after dinner and it's done in reasonable time.  The instructions say crack the door when you turn it off to allow the steam to escape.  It's a good idea to prevent condensation from putting water back onto the tops your cups and glasses but it's not the end of the world if you don't do it.I am also amazed at how quiet it is - unlike the inferno racket the portable made. Like I said - best purchase ever.My only suggestion to the mfg. would be to put an inconspicuous light on the top edge to indicate if it was running or not.  Honestly, I have accidentally opened the door when it was still running because I couldn't hear a sound.  No big deal, shut the door without incident. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:21:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
31973096	About 30 months after purchase, it stopped working completely--no lights, no noise, nothing.  It replaced a 20 year old Whirlpool that never needed a repair and was still cleaning dishes; wish that I still had the old one.  I will be shopping for a new Whirlpool.  An expensive disappointment. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:21:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
64822817	I can't even begin to tell you what a lousy product this is. I rue the day we bought this. Unfortunately, it was the only one that fit under our counter due to the deminished clearance because of the tile flooring. We tried others but had to settle on this. It does not clean well at all!!!  There is a constant residue of minced food particals that stick to the glasses, especially the plastic cups.  The loading instructions from the manufacturer has a diagram of good loading and bad loading. The Good loading shows 4 plates, 4 glasses, and 4 bowls with silverware. I have a family of 4 but when do you ever only end up with 4 dishes needing to be cleaned.  That means, it must be run after every single meal. It's completely impractical for a family greater than two people. For a single person living alone, this may work. For everyone else.....STAY AWAY!This is a big piece of junk! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:21:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
89167649	This is a great dishwasher if you have or can find dishes less than 10.25 diameter. I had a lot of trouble finding anything that would fit in the racks without hitting the top. I finally found a 10.5 set and had to bend the racks and cut the plastic basin rack clips to buy the extra 1/4. Poor design. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:26:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
88781756	Bought this unit to match the Samsung counter depth refridgerator. It sat in my garage for 6 months because of remodeling. By the time I had it installed the warranty period was almost up. Well I used it about 4 or 5 times but each time I had to unplug it and plug it back in for the power to come on. I finally called Samsung and they said it was a known issue in the control panel. By now the unit was out of warranty and it cost me $290 to have someone come out and replace the control panel. I think that is is unconscionable for a company to make you pay to repair a known major defect (I looked at the repair procedures of the repairman and it mentioned a bulletin issued for this particular problem.) STAY AWAY! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:26:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
39774856	Purchased the Bosch after our 3 year old Maytag had a major leak.  The Bosch is very very quiet compared to the old Maytag; it has everything we want in the dishwasher.  We have not had any issues; it cleans well, the capacity is not as great as others; but you learn to work around the sligtly smaller size.  We'll keep everyone posted; but so far it is very nice and the quality is far better than our old piece of crap Maytag. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:26:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	user thinks unit is too small	true
45701541	This is my second DishDrawer in ten years and it is an improvement over the first one in many ways in reliability.  Also, many problems with the machine is due to improper installation or not manually cleaning the filter under the rack.The design is what sold me.  Two independent drawers means more versatility.  Smaller loads may be washed without wasting water, the dishes are easier to reach without having to bend over or squat down, and for those with limited space the drawers may be used to store dishes with one holding clean ones and the other for the dirty dishes.The machine runs reasonably quietly and cleans dishes very well.  The best way to improve the cleaning is to start the machine when hot water is already flowing rather than depending upon the heating element to heat it.  The hotter the water the better the detergent dissolves and cleans.I've gotten used to the design and am not going back to a traditional dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:26:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
22035042	The first dishwashers had a dent on the top. We contacted Edge Star. We had a replacement unless than a week. The dishwasher is so quite we forget it running until it drains. For a family of three it is great. It gets the dishes quite clean. The company customer service is very professional. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:26:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
39670041	I have never used such a horrible dishwasher in my life. It looks great, it's sturdy, everything about it seems wonderful.. until you attempt to use it.I have read the manual and used heavy, high heat dry, even hi temp wash and sani rinse... and grief every time they come out wet (even days later) and half of the dishes are dirty (I pre-clean them too!!).Ridiculous. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:29:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that caused these complaints	false
32326117	I don't know what everyone is talking about here. This unit works great! Sure, it's a 18in so you can't fit at much as a full 24in.So far I've had it for 6 months. It looks great, cleans perfect even with the cheap store brand soap. Anyone who is having problems probably:1) Isn't using any jet dry2) Hooked it to their cold water supply (instead of hot).3) Didn't level it to the floor 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:29:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80440295	We bought this about 2 years ago and it has been terrible.  We have to wash the dishes before putting them in.  It takes forever to finish a cycle as well.  Our previous machine would clean literally anything we put into it.  This one can't get simple things like dried spaghetti sauce off of a plate.  I'll never buy a Bosch dishwasher again.  I would not recommend this product to anyone. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:29:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing the complaints	false
46510166	We bought it and it broke down.  No power.  Every Samsung product we bought has problems.  Refriderator icemaker problems.  Dryer belt broke and now no heat. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:29:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is caused it to break	false
81851346	This starts out as almost a carbon copy of another one-star review, I even commented under their review before being motivated to quip my own experience.  Received with a dented door and broken wheel, not the fault of the shipper.  It also had water in the basin and internal packaging was damp, leading me to believe this was a defective return Danby repackaged after they intended but forgot to refurb and pass off as new.  I know it would be too much of a coincidence that this unit belonged to the previous reviewer... but it makes me wonder?!?  Fortunately I still had 90% of the original packaging and contacted Amazon within 24 hours of delivery, so I speculate the return and credit will go off without a hitch.  Very frustrating, I thought I had washed my last dish. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:29:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33455085	This thing has never been an exceptional washer and now I have broken buttons and it's overconsuming electricity because the heated dry feature is stuck on. The computer won't even go into diagnostic mode because the heated dry button needs to work to get the trouble shooting codes.I think he real problem is that Whirlpool is trying to make their real money off of their service business. They sell you an $800 dishwasher that's designed to break after 3-4 years, they won't provide any product information on their website and then they want to sell you parts and service for the rest of your life. They charge technicians $500/year to subscribe to their repair service but they won't do anything to help a customer. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:33:08	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	overconsuming electricity, cheap product, bad co. service	true
40710747	Bought this unit 2 years ago. Within a year the heat sensor failed giving an E3 error. The company sent a new sensor due to it still being under warranty which worked just until the product was no longer under warranty. Next, the front window began leaking which gave off a horrible high pitch sound. Next the pump began to leak.  I called customer service and spoke to Mark who informed me that the pump would cost $50 and take 3 months to come in. After 2 years I can honestly say that this machine has be a waste of money and time. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:33:08	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	leak, noise, pump, heat sensor	true
55381727	So when I got this I was super stoked to finally have a dishwasher. My feeling of happiness quickly depleted when i realized that the hose to hook into my faucet was not going to fit. Since there was no way I was going to buy a new faucet I decided to return the dishwasher. I was also sad the my larger dishes did not fit in the unit, they were too big and they are not all that big.So i emailed the company and they sent me return directions. I was surprised that they did not have pre-printed labels for return, I sucked it up thinking that maybe they would return the shipping price when the refund the dishwasher. I have NEVER had to pay for both shipping to me and return shipping in all of my years of online shopping. One way sure, but not both. So I ended up paying over $100.00 in shipping costs which is half the price of the damn thing! So two weeks later, I still had not received my refund so i ended up having to email the company again. This morning I FINALLY get my email stating that the refunded me, but of course only the amount of the product and not the shipping as well. So I'm out over a $100 on a product I never got to use. I should have just bought a new damn faucet and kept the thing it probably would have saved me money. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:33:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	faucet did not fit the dw hose	true
69206694	I love it because it gets the dishes clean, it is easy to use and so nice for small kitchens. I would reccomand this dishwasher to any one. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:33:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
16071975	This dishwasher is defective to start with! The touch-screen control panel can break down any time - ours did in the first two years - twice. The Maytag repair people were only interested in ripping us off, not helping us. Do not buy Maytag any more - seems like they have really run the company down. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:33:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel, service complaint	true
29909008	Since my children have all moved out married and have children of their own it's now only my husband and I. To be honest we both HATE doing dishes!!  This dishwasher is perfect for the 2 of us. It does an excellent job of cleaning my dishes and to be honest I was a bit surprised at the amazing job it does.  For the price I honestly wasn't expecting much but I am extremely happy with this product. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:33:20	No Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41029949	We have owned this dishwasher a week and it seems excellent.  It cleans very well.  VERY well.  We do not rinse off food before loading.  It is so quiet that you have to strain to hear it.  I like that it is good on energy and water.  This was a less expensive option of models recommended by Consumer Reports.  I purchased it at Lowe's for a little less price. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:33:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20295599	This little machine is a life safer on the road in our little RV.  The set up instructions are on YouTube, no trip to the hardware store required.  At  Amazon you get the best price for the machine. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:33:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81884665	Owned a portable Maytag, Mod # MDC4100 for 10 years with beautiful results.  When it played out we made sure we got a Maytag again.  This was only portable model at Lowes and we bought it in June 2010.  This has to be the worst dishwasher ever to be called a Maytag. We use the recommended detergents and rinse but dishes and silver ware do not get near as clean as before.  Have to rewash pots and pans and especially drinking glasses by hand.  Every item washed has haze and pans look tarnished.  Unbelievably bad purchase. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:33:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	More specific information about the component that caused this complaint	false
59195734	Bought it from HomeDepot more than 2 years ago (LDF6920ST). Everything is good except of performance, which is bad. On a lucky day we can get somewhat clean dishes, but most of the time you need to clean them manually, especially it's bad on the top shelf. Initially we got multiple E0 errors, but LG replaced the motor, so those are gone, but performance is still terrible. Mentally I'm ready to replace it any day now. As soon as I find something similar in appearance, since the rest of my kitchen set is also LG. Hey, GE/Kenmore/etc pls make something similar in appearance, so all people who have that dishwasher could do easy switch. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:33:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
35703525	Purchased this machine while renovating our tiny beach house.  I could fit no larger than this one.  I am totally delighted with the dishwasher.  It is sturdy, amazingly quiet and uses very little water which is important for a house with a septic system.Very happy with the machine and would recommend it to others.  The reviews were very helpful. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:36:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81664761	We have an older model similar to this and after 4 years, the handle is cracking and it's only a matter of time before it completely breaks. I called Bosch to ask about this and the guy I talked to admitted that there was a problem there but would not do anything about it. The replacement part costs $74 and obviously it would cost far more than that to have it serviced. I would look carefully at the handle design to see if the current models are made stronger before buying another Bosch dishwasher with the same type of handle design. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:36:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
68357936	It looks nice, and runs fine, but no better then our 10 year old dishwasher it replaced.  The pullout rack is poorly designed. When you pull it out, you have to be very careful or it will come out of the track. The track is not deep enough, or the wheels are to loose, or a combination of the above. It is really annoying.  The racks are made with very thin metal, bend easy, and will probably not last as long as previous models.  I wish I would have found something better. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:36:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44113608	After dealing with an old cruddy dishwasher for years, I was super excited to get a new one. We bought in a retail store, not online and it's hard to do research on appliances ahead of time because you never know what you'll find in store. Anyways, my old cruddy annoying dishwasher cleaned our dishes much better than this one. Half the time the dishwasher tablet doesn't even dissolve (and we've tried multiple brands)and it burns through JetDry like it's no-ones business. HATE IT! On top of it not cleaning well, it doesn't load nicely. I can't fit the dishes that should fit. BTW At the time of this review, I've had this dishwasher for 8 months. Grrrrr.... 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:36:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
14440614	I purchased this dishwasher to replace onr I purchased about 4-5 years ago.  Like most prouducts from China, this one had to be scrapped as the drain pump was no longer available.  Now for this purchase -- This model does not have a lot of the features of my old one that I purchased 4-5 years ago for about $25 less, such as no prewash, only 1 wash cycle compared to 2 on my old one, no blower to help dry the dishes, rack has some large holes, if you are not carful small bottles or glasses will fall through, no provisions on back to store hoses and power cord when not in use.  This washer is slow as it takes appx.2hr 5min on the med cycle and with no blower the dishes are still wet and nees drying.  On the positive side it did get the dishes clean.  Would I purchase this model again?  Probably not even with the free shipping as it lacks so many features that my old one had.  Although it gets the dishes clean, the lack of features (some should have been standard), I can only rate this item at 2 stars. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:36:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66155331	After three afternoons off work to visit with repairmen from two different companies, Kitchenaid informed me that there was nothing wrong with my diswasher.  Used every detergent they suggested, ran water until hot, loaded unit 10 different ways.  There is something wrong however with the product....IT DOES NOT PERFORM THE TASK IT WAS DESIGNED TO DO!!!  WASH DISHES. KItchenaid (Whirlpool) will not help at all...just sticks to the company line that there is nothing wrong with the product.  By the way, the term PowerDry that they use so loosely means heat dry in some units, but a fan that runs for 3 hours in this unit.They are selling a piece of junk and there is no way they don't realize it.  Never paid so much for so little and had such unresponsive customer service. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:40:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	(most likely) Time, Cleanliness	true
83251960	Unbelievably ineffective dishwasher. Leaves spots and food particles on everything, usually stinks. We have tried everything suggested in the manual for trouble-shooting. It works for a couple of times, then fails again. It is hard for me to imagine how such a lame dishwasher could be designed, produced, and sold. Stay away from Samsung!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:40:56	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	smell, cleanliness, reliability	true
50535865	It arrived in record time, was easy to setup and swap out the sink fixtures.  Instructions were spot on.  The best part is that it is very  quiet and doesn't annoy my neighbors, I live in a small apartment. Because I'm at work more than I am at home I rinse my dishes well and put in the washer and will wash once maybe twice a week.The amount of water used is very low so there is not a lot of waste.I did notice that when a cycle is over there was more water in the bottom than I would like so when it gets to the dry cycle I let it run for a minute or so and then shut it off and open the door and let the steam escape drying every thing very well.  Then I switch to the rinse cycle and start it back up and it will pump all the excess water out of the bottom.  Then I turn it off and turn the nob to where I will want it to start the next time and unplug.I hope it lasts because I'm really happy with it.I do use a little salt (water softener)  in the bottom of the washer along with the little square all in one products and my dishes come out perfectly clean.  I have  horrible hard water and this seems to work and I hope will prevent the washer from being damaged.Would recommend for a one person household and studio living. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:40:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
28726269	After a few weeks or research I decided on buying the Koldfront countertop dishwasher. After the first month of use I can not think of anything I dislike about this unit. It is quiet, efficient and cleans my dishes just as well as a full sized dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:40:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
67611981	I thought buying this expensive dishwasher was the smart thing to do because you get what you pay for right? Wrong! Total piece of crap. The cheaper dishwashers work better, should have gone with ANY other brand and only spent about $500.00 to $600.00. Error 1 constantly only there is NO LEAK! Never cleaned the dishes very well for the money we spent and its not that quiet....well now it is because it has stopped working all together and now I have to hand wash everything! Thanks electrolux for stealing my money, I hope your company goes bankrupt and stops ripping people off! I will NEVER waste my money on anything made by electolux ever again. Do yourself a favor and buy a cheaper brand because they last years longer! I had this hunk of junk for less than 2 yrs, I rate it ZERO stars but have one finger in the air for the company that made it........ 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:40:56	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanlines,noise,reliability,electronic/coding component defect	true
43090393	When I was searching for a dish washer, I was looking for reviews with comments about baby bottles but couldn't find any so I decided to just take a gamble and try one out myself. I bought this dishwasher as a gift for myself as a late birthday gift. I had originally bought it just for my sons bottles but it ends up fitting everything and more. I love how quiet the washing is as my son sleeps very light. I love that the hookup was so easy I did not even need any help from my Mr Fix it b/f. The only this that I do not like about the dish washer is the drying. I have done what previous reviewers had said and read the manual from front to back. It just seems like it is not given enough time to dry?? Im not sure, but all I know is that my dishes come out still wet and I have to hand dry most of them which is fine also because it was the washing that was killing me LOL. But other than the drying I love it and wish I would have bought one sooner. This would have really came in handy for when my daughter was born in 2009!! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:41:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
65342775	My roommate and I really love this dishwasher!Pros:This is truly a gorgeous appliance. The brushed steel finish and minimalist exterior design provide a sophisticated accent to the modern style kitchen. However, the minimalist exterior belies one our favorite features of this dishwasher, which is the host of different wash and dry settings available at your fingertips once you open this baby up. We were particularly fond of the Sahara setting, which really made the dishes uncomfortably hot to the touch. That's how you know it's good. The machine fits well under most counter tops, so there is no need to worry about tripping over it or stubbing your toe on it at night. Also, this machine is very well engineered, and you need not worry about it shocking you when you touch it.Cons:After a few months, the machine's computer and various indicator lights started blinking for no apparent reason. The machine was completely unresponsive to our attempted use, it made some sort of drainage noise that I can't describe with words, and it didn't wash dishes. The landlord sent a repair person out and, after ordering a replacement computer and waiting a month for it to arrive and be installed, the dishwasher worked like new...for a few weeks, but then the same thing happened again. So again, the landlord sent a repair person out and, again, they replaced the computer. As I recall, it didn't take as long for the part to come in the second time. A few weeks later, the same malfunction happened again. This time the landlord just sent two guys out with a different model dishwasher, which so far has worked well.The only reason I didn't give this dishwasher 5 stars was because of the issues we had with the machine being totally nonfunctional. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:41:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86546398	I purchased a Bosch dishwasher after reading a good review in Consumer Reports.  This is an awful machine, the no disposal feature that offers quieter running allows food to collect in the filter and even though I clean it every time it runs still food residue appears on the dishes.  My old dishwasher worked like a champ, no special detergent or temperature problems just nice clean dishes.  I wish when it died I had just had the motor replaced. Now with Bosch's horrible customer service I am stuck with a $600 problem.  Buy another brand! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:41:25	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
90351302	I ordered this washer after a year of doing dishes by hand in our new house. I was spoiled rotten my whole life and never lived without a dishwasher until this past year. Doing dishes by hand is by far my least favorite job so I finally broke down and bought this little gem. I never even knew about #34;countertop dishwashers#34; until I started researching portable dishwashers. Our house is really old and the plumbing in the kitchen would need to be totally redone for a built in washer and as a recent college grad I don't have the money for that. I saw that this machine had great reviews and decided to take a chance on it. So far I love it but I think the lifespan of the machine will determine if it was money well spent. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Very easy set up-Frees up time to do other things-Does a wonderful job cleaning dishes - If you use the right detergent you won't have soapscum or waterspots-Does not require fancy/new plumbing-Uses regular dishwasher soap (I use Finish Quantum packs)-Quiet-Less expensive than built ins or stand up portable machines-Fits a surprising number of dishes-Very easy to operate - quick on-off attachment to faucet, easy to understand buttons and manual-Water has a #34;magical#34; way of stopping - won't keep running if you aren't around to turn it off right awayCons:-Takes up a lot of counter space (we bought a rolling cart for it since we are already low on counter space)-Adapter for sink faucet isn't super lovely to look at-Unit is very boxy and not real pleasing to the eye (we went for functionality and not beauty)-Hoses kind of just hang there (again, our cart is nice because the hoses can be hidden in the basket below)-Cycles are pretty long - normal cycle is 85 mins and the heavy cycle is over 100 minutes! (I've realized that the light cycle gets everything just as clean as the normal cycle and that takes about 1 hour)-Our normal sized dinner plates are a bit tall and need to be leaning a little bit - they still get clean but need to be spaced out so we can't fit as many (There are only 2 of us living in the house so this isn't a problem)-Plastics don't get dryIn conclusion, if you have the kitchen space and only need to wash dishes for 1-3 people I think this is a great purchase. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:41:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
62509880	I bought this product nearly 4 years ago and now the bearings are rusted out and it wont work.  I paid nearly $1000 when I first bought it and I cant believe that I have to replace it in just a few short years.  Do not waste your money on this product.  It starts off fine but within a few months it's not quiet any more and then it just goes down hill from there.  I live in an area where we dont have to worry about rust and here I have a rusted out motor. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:41:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24039304	This is the greatest purchase I have ever made.  This machine works perfect and has saved me so much time cleaning up in the kitchen.  You would be a fool not to buy this for your house or apartment that does not already have a dishwasher in it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:46:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
70994214	Amazing - I ordered from Amazon very early Wednesday morning and the Haier dishwasher was delivered Thursday by 2 pm!  (The only downside was that Thursday JR; started FREE delivery - could have used that $25.)I've had a Haier clothes washer since January - love it - and this set-up was even simpler.  After owning five portable dish and clothes washers over the years, the faucet adjustment seems old hat.  Just wish the hoses and cord were a bit longer.  I have to place the machine on top of the stove for now and stretch everything across the tiny counterspace.In 1968 when I bought my first home, my absolute required purchase was a countertop dishwasher.  It was a round plastic carousel, you used regular dish liquid and today seems like a toy compared to the Haier.  Now just starting retirement, it seems ironic that once again my most anticipated possession was a countertop machine for those dreaded dishes.  Well worth it.*****A few more thoughts -- For me, with the hot water on full, the regular cycle is 36 minutes and the heavy duty is 46.  So for the extra cleaning the 10 minutes is worth it- All my dishes are heavy stoneware so it's a bit of a trick to load.  It takes four 11 plates, but on a steep angle- Cutlery and glassware are even cleaner than my full-size machine- I use lots of bowls, cooking from scratch in the microwave.  They tend to block the water so have to be loaded carefully 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:46:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	hose not long enough for user, user needs to load dishes carefully as not to block dishwasher	true
40957024	I bought this unit to replace a 10 year old GE dishwasher that was noisy and whose racks were rusting.  Since my house has an open floor plan, I was looking for a quiet unit.  I seriously considered Bosch dishwashers, which are the industry leaders for quiet operation and low energy consumption.  However, I was disappointed with their flimsy construction, small interior capacity, and poor lower rack design.  This GE dishwasher is fairly quiet, with a good rack design and a very sturdy door.  Since I am not a fan of hidden top-mounted controls, this model's front mounted controls appealed to me.  So far, this GE dishwasher has been very good at cleaning.  I am disappointed with GE quality; the front control panel is misaligned, and the screws on the door were quite loose.  One of the tabs on the silverware basket broke within a week.  GE quality control appears to be asleep at the switch.  Also, GE's website states that this model has several features (cutlery tray, angled rack dry system) that are, in fact, absent on this model, which basically constitutes false advertising.Pros:* Cleans dishes well* Good rack design* Sturdy construction* Generally quiet operation* Well designed controls with remaining time readout* Long warrantyCons:* Poor assembly quality* False claims on GE website regarding features* Expensive* Not as quiet or as energy efficient as competing models* Doesn't qualify for the Cash for Clunkers appliance program in MassachusettsBottom line:A decent dishwasher marred by poor quality control and a high price tag. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:46:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design, cheap, too small for user's preference, broken components, front control panel	true
52399719	It has malfunctioned almost since we bought it six months ago. It doesn't clean dishes AT. ALL., and never has. EVERY cycle leaves at least half the dishes still dirty. The racks have hung at an odd angle since about the third time we used it. They are plastic, and have virtually no support for them. Just poor, poor engineering all the way around. We're about to start the process of making a claim on the warranty, and if their CS is anything like their products, it's going to get ugly.Skip this model, it's a waste of money even if it's free. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:46:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	rack defect	true
79921183	This is probably a good dishwasher but everyone hides the details of how hard or cumbersome it is to hook up and use. Even the so-called user photos are staged to hide the connections and do not show what it does to the usability of your sink after installation. I don't think these photos were submitted by an actual buyer. Probably an employee of Haier. I want to buy one but won't until I find out and see the connections and their design. Is the sink even useable after install? Do you have to disconnect it everytime you want to use your sink? Is there storage provision for the drain hose when not being used or is this thing always hanging in your sink. I would like to see some legitimate clear pictures showing just how well it is designed and how the water is connected. Does it have a pass-thru connection so you can use your faucet without disconnecting it? To much vagueness and not enough worthwhile pictures. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:46:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear instructions	true
18001983	I'm a medical student. I don't have time for anything and before I bought this my dishes would pile up until it would turn into a several hour ordeal. It was much bigger than I expected though and didn't fit on my counter but it fits nicely on a small island. You do have to give up your faucet while its running 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:51:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54684697	I was a bit wary of portable dishwashers, but I absolutely hate washing dishes by hand, so I decided to give this a try.It is wonderful!  Leaves my dishes much cleaner than the built-in dishwasher in my previous apartment.  It works quickly - a load takes maybe twenty minutes.  It's not the quietest thing in the world, but whatever.  It's in the kitchen and I'm not.  And it fits a lot more than I thought it would.I completely recommend this product. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:51:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22906188	I have had this machine for approximately two years now, and this has helped keep my kitchen cleaner longer because it's so easy to just rinse a dish and drop it in!My only complaint is that under the food catcher at the bottom of the dishwasher, all of the water doesn't quite drain out of it, but I use it so frequently that I've never had a problem with stagnant water or any sort of smell from it. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:51:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
35495434	Had the dishwasher less than a year and we just called for our third repair appointment. The first leak was so bad it warped our floorboards. I caught this one early but the water is still in our basement. It took about a month for the first one to get fixed. Dreading to find out what this one will be.  The last repairman could only tell us to buy the extended warranty plan because, and I quote, You'll be seeing more of me.Learn from our mistake. RUN AWAY from this  Kenmore! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:51:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55380731	I purchased this KitchenAid after my 13 year old Bosch finally fell apart. At first while using Cascade powder dishsoap I did not like this machine. It was not cleaning at all. Well, it was not the dishwasher itself, I found it was the Cascade. I now use Finish Powerball Tabs. The dishes are coming out sparkling clean. This washer is super quiet! Very happy with my decision to buy this KitchenAid! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 14:51:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81628651	I have friends living overseas where tabletop dishwashers are an actual thing. So they definitely convinced me to purchase one. I did my research and found SPT to be a more reliable brand. But I'm sure that if you follow directions and actually remove food properly from your dishes AND use appropriate dish soap, majority of tabletop dishwashers will function just fine. I use Finish powder detergent and Finish Jet Dry and my dishes come out clean and clear every time. If your household consists of two people, it's the perfect size for all your dirty dishes, but I definitely wouldn't recommend it if you have a larger household that creates larger amounts of dishes. You'd be running this bad boy night and day (which isn't terrible, I just don't think it's very fun).My only wish is that it would come with a better faucet adapter, when I'm not using the dishwasher the faucet pressure is strong and I have to gauge it properly so that water doesn't ricochet everywhere.Other than that it's my life saver, I work two full time jobs and I'm a full time student. I've found my one true love. ;) 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:54:39	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	water faucet adapter, could be larger	true
31300912	After reading a ton of reviews about which brand cleaned and dried the best, I selected this model and we have not been disapointed so far 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:54:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
23972373	After running a few loads through this dishwasher I have to say it does a nice job. It is very quiet and does a good job on the dishes.If I was to design this dishwasher I would change a few things. First off, even though thy say you can fit all those dishes in there, you really can't, unless you have the exact same dishes as they use in the picture. Now every one knows that if you buy a dishwasher this small you can't put that much into it. The spacing on the rings of the bottom rack is way to close together for the dishes we have. So it is tough to fit them in. They need to spread the rings apart a bit more and not worry so much about fitting in a lot of just one style of dishes into it.They also have added some snp on holders, is the best way I can describe them, to the upper rack. The thing is, you really don't know what they are for. Nothing in the owners manuel  says what you can use them for. I tried to put the stem of a wine glass into it, but it is set to high for the rack to go all the way in, so I just took them off. The dishwasher also came with another item that I have no idea what it is for. Again, nothing in the owners manuel says anything about it.One last thing. The glides on the racks seem cheep. I guess I will see how long they last 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:54:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	cheap parts, unclear instructions, too small	true
72614423	Two years after purchasing Bosch's stainless steel rust-free dishwasher with a lifetime warranty against rust, we discovered... rust. It was in a very specific area, where the metal filter attaches to the interior tub. We called Bosch and were told that it was our fault, that it was our water, our dishwasher soap, our flatware--anything but the dishwasher. We persisted, explaining that we use a water softener and a reverse-osmosis system and that our water is no worse, and probably a bit better, than average. Furthermore, if it was merely our water, then we would expect to see rust everywhere. As for our dishwasher soap--well--it comes from Costco, and I'm sure they'd take exception to Bosch's claim that it promotes rust.We offered our own theory, which is that the metal used in the filter is dissimilar to the metal in the tub, resulting in a galvanic reaction and corrosion to the metals. Basically, the two different metals, pressed together in an aqueous environment, results in a battery. But for Bosch to admit this would be to admit a design flaw--the sort of admission that leads to a class-action lawsuit. We already know Bosch uses a variety of stainless metals. For example, the metal used on the door is a very inferior grade of stainless steel that is easily streaked and spotted. And the way you can tell is to use a magnet. If the magnet sticks then it's ferrous metal and more prone to staining.Bosch advertises a lifetime rust-free warranty on many of their dishwashers. This section is taken right out of the manual: Stainless Steel TallTub: A rust-free, hygienic interior surface with a lifetime warranty.Yet if you attempt to exercise your warranty, Bosch will tell you that they don't actually guarantee their metals against rust; they only warrant against rust-through, meaning you will have to live with the rust until it eats a hole through the metal--until water starts pouring into some part of the dishwasher where it doesn't belong (hopefully not endangering you, your family, or your home, in the process). It is fraudulent of Bosch to advertise a lifetime rust-free warranty if they have no intentions of honoring what they advertise. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:54:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	stainless steel product began to rust, bad customer service	true
71708133	My wife and I were excited to receive our new dishwasher today, only to be sorely disappointed after opening the package.The bottom rail system on this dishwasher is the epitome of why many people consider dumping their old dishwasher.  It doesn't run smoothly and falls off the rail system the majority of the time.  I'm surprised that after decades of one of the biggest pain points and complaints I've heard about old or shotty dishwashers is that the drawers get stuck, that Frigidaire would continue producing brand new mid-grade dishwashers with inferior parts and design in the rail system.Even though the rail system was a major disappointment, we were just barely willing to accept this and keep the unit.However, after further inspection of the unit, there was a glaring defect in the stainless steel front cover.  In both upper corners, very detectible with just a glance, there was a major crease in the stainless steel sheet.  It's as if during assembly of the unit, the front cover was forcibly compressed into a shape that it didn't quite fit into.  This is an eye sore.These are two major problems with the unit that we have seen.  On their own, I might conclude this was a defective item.  Finding these issues together on the same unit indicates to me that this is product is of poor quality; parts, design and manufacturing workmanship are substandard in my opinion.We obviously returned this product and will not be looking for a replacement.  Not sure if this is an indicator of all Frigidaire products, as I thought they were a reputable company.  But I certainly will not be purchasing these types of items online in the future.The only reason I gave this product as many as two stars is because we never did actually hook it up.  Maybe it washes/dries dishes just fine, but we weren't inclined to install the unit to find out! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 14:54:39	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	deformed front cover, cheap, badly designed according to consumer	true
63449673	Do yourself a favor and don't buy LG...I have both an LG dishwasher and LCD tv's..they have both broken multiple times and they are only 2 years old. LG has some major quality issues and customer service sucks!!!!! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:00:06	No Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	No		false
75233859	Bought the kenmore elite and was happy for 1.5 years.  Paid sears tech $75 to tell me the control panel was out and there was no warranty.  The control panel is $345 plus labor was going to be $525.  Research shows this is common problem with this model. Several friends have Bosch and are very happy.  Can't justify repairs and the tech agreed.  Buy a Bosch and not from Sears 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:00:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
46337132	THIS IS GARBAGE!!! had it for a year and a half, and the handle cracked.  PLUS the water doesn't drain! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:00:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69673180	Easy set up, washes dishes and dries them.  Everything is spotlessly clean!  It's quiet and I had no problems with leaks.  I've used it several times and it hasn't disappointed me yet! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:00:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57824710	I purchased 2 Fisher and Paykel dish drawers (2 top drawers) 6 years ago.  I have never had more problems with an appliance before.  I have had equal problems with both drawers, so it is not just that I got a lemon, they both constantly break down.  Over the 6 years I have had the drawers I have had to have them each repaired 2-3 times a year beginning within months of purchasing.I had to purchase an extended warranty because I knew I would need it.  After six years I am finally waking up and just getting rid of these dish drawers.  The concept is great, 2 small dishwashers so you don't have to waste water and energy if you have only a small load.  When they are not broken, they also work fine, the dishes get clean.  But they do need to work consistently and these don't.However, there is something truly wrong with a product that requires so many repairs.  I have had the motor replaced numerous times on both, pumps, jet dry dispenser and the list goes on.Fisher and Paykel dish drawers are truly unreliable and I highly suggest going with another dishwasher, it seems like there are a lot of good ones out there.I think I will try a Bosch model this time. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:00:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
844435	The malfunctioning dishwasher was the least of my worries. I called GE and they scheduled someone to come out. When the person arrived he was rude and condescending to my wife. I informed GE of this and the complaint was completely disregarded. I am still trying to figure out a way to get a service call when I will be there but they will not deviate from the two days a week they come to my area. The dishwasher, when it worked, was ok but I hope you never have to contact them for service or customer support. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:04:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	service complaint	true
51744440	I bought this for my mom, who has a small, oddly shaped kitchen that wouldn't allow for a larger dishwasher.  It was easy to set up (though I found the directions kind of confusing, there aren't many parts and it's pretty much obvious).  We had one leak during the first load, but my brother discovered it was just that I hadn't fully tightened the connection between the sink and the machine.  Since then, no problems and my mom even recommended it to her hairdresser.I also really like the form/design.  The sleek silver look is very sexy and modern. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:04:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear installation instructions	true
31724690	- soap dispenser never opens during cycle- worst customer service ever. We had the repair guy come at least 5 times in 6 months to fix the soap dispenser. He never ordered the part (I had to order it eventually), never managed to fix it. We gave up. Now we set the timer and manually open the dispenser during the cycle.- very poor design. Doesn't fit dishes well, separators collapse when you don't want them to- cycle takes 1.5 hours to complete (shorter cycle doesn't clean dishes)- half the time the dishes are still dirty, either with dried-on grit, or greasy film 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:04:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	soap dish, separators, time, cleanliness	true
44442484	I'd never heard of Danby before but it made the size of dishwasher I wanted and the price was right.  I am very happy this this unit.  It arrived promptly and was very easy to set up for use.  Installation of the sale was new for me but it replaces the need for a rinse agent.I've been using this unit now for several months and it cleans well and the directions (if fully read) are easy to follow as it's a bit different that a regular dishwasher made for the US market.  It rolls easily and I'd have to say that my only complaint would be that the lower rack tends to be clunky when I pull it out or push it in.  I think that Danby could work on that and also the placement of the dish separations in the rack.Very happy with my purchase. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:04:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design of rack complaint	true
23564652	This came well packaged and easy to set up. The directions were straight forward and it worked wonderfully within five minutes out of the box. My expectation were that of enough capacity, the countertop footprint and washing cycle power, but there is enough capacity for a full day's dishes for two and they come out squeaky clean. It's footprint fits well on my countertop. The connection hose combination of intake and output snaps in place easily and doesn't drip. I found the noise level equal to a built in model and not disturbing. After a month of daily use, this does the job wonderfully. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:04:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
33754077	To preface this review, I got this unit used and it is being used in a two person apartment.The product came with a decent manual, not the best, but certainly not the nightmare some people described. To give an idea of how much info it contains, it has 24 pages for each of the three languages - English, French, Spanish. The description on how to hook it up isn't entirely clear, as the illustration for the sink isn't like any sink I've seen in the US. Nonetheless, with some common sense it shouldn't be that difficult to figure out. You only have three things to worry about - 1) the rubber hose which brings water into the unit, 2) the drain hose which dumps water out of the unit, and 3) the power cord. I had to go to Lowe's to get a sink adapter, since what came with the unit didn't fit the threads on the faucet. I think maybe most people have problems at first because they don't realize the nozzle part can unscrew from the faucet.Operation is pretty easy - turn on the water supply, plug it in, press the power button, press whatever wash cycle you want. I think the vented dry button on my unit is broken since pressing it doesn't seem to change anything. Setup and take down is simple, it maybe takes a minute or two to screw/unscrew everything. At first I was having problems securing the drain hose, once it dumped water all over the kitchen floor and I spent a good half an hour wiping it up. I came up with a solution where I secured the drain hose to the rubber hose with rubber bands, thus insuring that the drain hose drained into the sink and not the floor.This thing does a good job of cleaning the dishes, so long as everything is properly loaded, but there's the problem - loading it. The problem I have with the unit is not just its size, but the design of its interior. Some of the spokes are so close together it's plain impractical. You can fit plates in there, so long as they're not very big (I have a lot of plates that don't fit in there), but the design isn't very friendly to bowls bigger than a small cereal bowl.For two adults who basically use dishes/tupperware for all three meals, it's becoming clear that this dishwasher is inadequate for our needs. It's simply too small. I think this dishwasher would be a better fit for a single person who maybe eats out more often and doesn't do much cooking. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:04:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51126419	Works pretty well for the price. Just don't overload it with dishes or they won't come out clean at all. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:04:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75622612	After months of research to get a dishwasher that didn't come with wretched reviews at any price, and was reasonably quiet, I decided to try this one.  Glad I did - not only was it considerably less expensive, it holds a lot of dishes with good rack configurations (I'm a master dishwasher loader, though, so someone else might not think this), and is quite quiet, especially on a full load.  On a light load, I could hear water periodically hitting the plates.  But the key issue that has me giving 5 stars is that I have two crystal vases that had serious clouding from mineral deposits and have spent a year trying everything to remove the cloudiness to no avail, so decided to put them in the dishwasher and see what would happen.  They have narrow openings and they were pretty bad so I was not optimistic, but had room for them, so in they went.  They came out looking like new crystal.  I am ecstatic!  Used Shaklee dishwasher detergent and JetDry, so don't know if that makes a difference or not.  I actually put all my crystal in it and it came out sparkling.  If only it could polish silver! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:04:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76103166	It takes literally hours for a cycle to complete and then you have to wash the dishes by hand afterwards because of all the leftover schmutz.  I think I'll just take it to the dump when I replace it because I don't want to burden someone else with it.  If I could give it zero stars I would've.  Whatever you do, do NOT buy this dishwasher. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:04:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defect that is causing these complaints	false
67653248	I received the item on time and in perfect condition. The dishwasher works great! It cleans all my dishes and runs so well. The only downside is if I have bigger items I want to wash, I might only be able to fit one or two things in the dishwasher, but for regular size plates, pots, and pans, it does a wonderful job. I would definitely recommend buying this item if you are looking to save time by not hand-washing dishes anymore. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 15:04:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
51350838	I have been moving around apartments for years and as luck would have it, none of the apartments I have found had dishwashers in them.  Portable was the only way to go if I didn't want a mountain of dirty dishes constantly in my sink.  Two other brands of portable dishwashers lasted a year each and did a middling job cleaning dishes.  This one on the other hand has already lasted longer than the other two.  It also takes up the same amount of space, but because of its layout, can fit more dishes inside.  It even cleans the dishes better than the previous ones I had.The best feature however is in the base.  There is a plastic housing designed to catch food and repeatedly spray it with water to pulverize it down.  Food that can be pulverized is sent down the drain, while larger pieces that don't break down are caught more efficently than the simple strainers found in other portable dishwashers.This was just a well thought out design for a portable dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:11:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
85962676	I ordered the white dishwasher because my appliances are all white and black and it was cheaper. It is stainless steel inside. It came with the manual and the silverware holder, and a tiny plastic basket. The plastic flaps on the top basket are useful because there is a wash arm just for the top basket that would tend to flip lighter items into the air if you weren#8217;t using the flaps. They are removable. I left them on one side and put my lighter weight dishes on that side.The bottom basket also has it#8217;s own wash arm and there is a filter on the bottom of the dishwasher that needs to be taken out and cleaned about once a week or so, depending on how often you use the dishwasher. I use it about three times a week and I don#8217;t use it for pots and pans so the filter doesn#8217;t have that much crud on it when I do clean it.The soap dispenser is on the door and also contains a compartment for rinse agent. I use generic soap pods that I got at a warehouse store in bulk. They are a tight fit but I am able to wedge them in and close the door on the soap dispenser.I have never had to rewash a single item in the dishwasher; everything comes out sparkling clean (now that I added rinse agent).It is counter top height and has four casters that make it very easy to move around the kitchen. I had to move a rug that I had in the path between the sink and where I store the dishwasher because the dishwasher casters couldn#8217;t roll over it.The provided aerator attached to my faucet (an old Delta faucet) after I removed the existing aerator that was on there without need for an adapter. I leave that aerator on and I believe that it increases water pressure into the machine because now when I turn on the water it blasts out. I didn#8217;t need Teflon tape, it doesn#8217;t leak at all after tightening with a pipe wrench. The hose connects easily to the aerator. I added a three-foot extension cord to the electrical cord because it wasn#8217;t long enough to get to the nearest outlet.There are two hoses, one for waste water and one for fresh water that connect to the plastic part that snaps onto the aerator. Everything is pre-assembled but I had to tighten the hoses. The waste water comes out of the bottom of the plastic connector and I position it directly over the drain. Make sure that when the wash cycle is complete that before you remove the plastic connector you turn the water off and then press the red pressure release valve or water will spray into your face.The only negatives were the following:The Styrofoam packaging disintegrated when unpacking the dishwasher and I had little foam beads all over the place. I vacuumed them up but I still after a few weeks I still will come across one or two that I somehow missed.The box is extremely heavy. My brother helped the delivery driver take it off of the truck. The driver was unable to get the box off of the truck on his own and said that he wouldn#8217;t have been able to deliver it if no one was home. I thought it was coming via freight delivery but it came on a regular UPS truck with a single driver.The dishwasher had water in it. I don#8217;t know if I received another customers returned dishwasher or of they test them before they ship them but don#8217;t drain them. The water didn#8217;t smell foul and it wasn#8217;t dirty, so I didn#8217;t get the sense that it was waste water from a wash cycle but I was surprised when I opened the machine and water was in the bottom of the filter area. It was the same amount of water that it left when I wash a load of dishes.Finally, there are little spots of rust forming inside on the arms of the top basket. I#8217;m hoping that this won#8217;t get worse. My parents had a dishwasher that was plastic inside but had plastic coated metal baskets and their baskets rusted but I find discomforting that it#8217;s rusting so soon after purchasing it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:11:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	packaging, weight, rust	true
23359640	For the second time in two years, now out of warranty, the control panel on this piece of trash has gone out. The repair bill will approach $500 and, because the part is backordered, we will have to wait for three weeks to get it repaired. Clearly, if the part is not available for almost three weeks backordered, we are not the only ones having this problem. The repairman told us that this is a common problem with this dishwasher.What a joy - hand washing dishes for the next three weeks.Beyond that, all of the racks are fixed and it is nearly impossible to adjust the dishes to optimized cleaning.Stay clear of this thing. If you buy it, you will regret it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:11:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design, service complaints, control panel defect	true
23516931	This is the perfect dishwasher for a small kitchen. Very effective and although it does not have a heating cycle, the dishes and silverware are clean and shiny when they come out. It moves easily around the kitchen and I find the top a usable surface also. Easy to hook up and use. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:11:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
26719243	This dishwasher does NOT clean your dishes. If you have any food particles left on dishes  or utensils, most will be remaining after the wash and rinse. Those food particles will still be be caked upon your cups and glasses, mostly on the inside and outside.In order to clean dishes, you must first remove food particles, essentially washing your dishes by hand first. Then you must  use the  power scrub cycle . This cycle is primarily supposed to be used for pots and pans only.The machine  is quiet..but at what cost? Our 20 year old Maytag was noisy, but in hindsight we wish we still had it. That machine cleaned each item superbly, even with dried food particle. The noise was actually not an issue if we started the machine before bedrooms were down the hall.We know od 10 people who have bought Bosch's. They all say the same thing. Do not purchase any Bosch dishwasher if you want clean dishes.I will be purchasing a new dishwasher in the near future. I do not want to prewash dishes before placing them in the machine. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:11:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
28054682	The dishwasher was a XMAS gift to my wife and I. Ours had started having some problems so I ordered a new one. Turns out it is the same dishwasher, except the one we had is a Maytag which we were beginning to have problems with and quit using. The dishwasher is/was a built-in and after I removed the old one it was good that it had the same mounting points except for scratches on the front panel and once I had it in place the right hand side chassis support beam was bent up almost an inch higher than what it should have been. I should have demanded a new un-damaged one but I did not want to leave the opening hole exposed and the counter partially disassembled, not to mention placing everything back under the sink. Due to the bent support bottom rail created a clearance problem with the back wall which required opening an area in the sheet rock so that the dishwasher would go far enough back (remember this was the same configuration as the one removed) to level the unit. My wife was not happy at all with what should have been an easy installation and she was right about demanding another unit rushed shipped out. The delivery guys handed me the receipt and told me to sign and even though the was some damage to the shipping box it did not appear severe enough for the damages on the dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:17:59	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	bent support beam, came in damaged	true
50076788	Bought this unit last year.  We were a little disappointed that it was a bit smaller inside than our Maytag, but we were pleasantly pleased with how quiet it operated.  BUT, our satisfaction has come to an end now that it will not drain properly.  Paid $40 to have a repairman come and look at it to tell us that we need a new pump.  We've been waiting for over a month for a pump.  If it weren't for how much we paid for the unit, I would just throw it out and buy another mid-level brand that would at least last a while. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:17:59	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	drain and space complaint, pump defect	true
14731281	Like others who have reviewed this dishwasher, I have had problems with the top rack breaking. I also had problems with the control panel. The left side of the top rack broke the first time when the dishwasher was only 4 months old. I had it repaired under warranty. At the time, I complained to the repairman that the control panel was easy to bump and that the cancel/drain button was often activated during a wash cycle just by a light bump. He said that was a common problem and that KitchenAid had a fix for it. He replaced the control panel and it is not as much of a problem anymore. Unfortunately, the right side of the rack broke right after the warranty expired and the left side broke again shortly after. I was able to buy replacement parts on Amazon, but I believe that this part will continue to break. I am very disappointed in this dishwasher. I called KitchenAid to tell them so, but all they did was offer to send out a repairman who I would have to pay. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:17:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	rack, control panel, button defects, reliabililty complaint	true
37401699	I have had this dishwasherSamsung DMR78AHS 24 Integrated Console Tall Tub Dishwasher In Stainless Steelfor a year now. I think is one of the worst appliances I have ever owned.The thing started off with a 9E error which stops the cycle. This is the float sensor which because of the design gets clogged up inside causing errors. The grease and other food migrates into the float well where it coats the float because it is an open bottom float(why?). This causes frequent errors and the cycle will not start. Fixed numerous times and will never be fixed due the design. Replace the float sensor unit or totally disassemble it every few month to clean it.Now a new error code 4E error and this stops the cycle. This is the flow sensor for the fill water. This was intermittent but now it won't start. I have to call for service again.The service guy replaced the flow sensor and the water valve and it still doesn't work. Now the circuit board has to be replaced. Samsung would not allow the service people to have a circuit board until they replaced the other components. This is ridiculous making the customer wait while they are being cheap.Samsung dishwashers = junk.I will never buy another Samsung Appliance, ever!Stick with cell phones and electronics because your appliance engineering is a disgrace. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:17:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	float sensor, circuit board, cheap material unit	true
50406998	This model have touch control buttons that other Bosch models may not have. I've owned this dishwasher only a few weeks now, and I can see that the touch control buttons are a problem now, and will probably get worst in the future. Apparently Bosch knows it's a problem because they include a guide card with how-to instructions for just the buttons. You have to lightly touch the button and hold it to overcome the built-in delay. But even following the instructions, it takes two or three attempts to activate the button. I expect a day will come when it won't activate at all, and I can only hope it happens within the warranty period. Other than the button problem, the dishwasher works fine. If I could rewind this purchase, I'd buy a different Bosch with different buttons. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:17:59	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	reliability complaint	true
26656851	purchased this dishwasher in 2008.very poor Preformance , The interior of the machine discolors , difficult to load.have had nothing but problemsBosch is not backing up its warranty,waiting and waiting too get serviced no one wants to be bothered on the repairsi have had another Bosch that was wonderful that is not the case with this machineI am waiting 6 weeks this time for repair on the warrantyThis is the third time needing repairs in less than two yearsWould like to send this machine straight to the president of Bosch 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 15:22:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49972791	We purchased this dishwasher one year ago, and started having problems after 9 months.  I thought this $1200 dishwasher was the dishwasher of dreams.  Now, I realize I would have been better off buying a $500-600 model every few years.  The dishes on the top rack are NEVER clean.  I do not overload, the upper arms seem to work, the rinse is set to Max, but still dirty glasses.  Dirtier than when they are placed in the washer!  How can a glass that has only had water drank out of it, come from the dishwasher covered with food particles!  No matter what detergent or rinse agent is used, the glasses continue to have food residue on them.  Yes, I am an avid rinser of dishes prior to placing in the dishwasher.  The only good thing I can say, is that the machine is so quiet I have no idea that it is running. (Electrolux is sending a repairman as the machine is still under warranty....I'll post the outcome) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 15:22:28	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81295902	16 months ago I bought a Samsung dishwasher, DMT300RFB, from Fryes Electronics. Now the dishwasher does not work. Both companies have refused to repair or replace the dishwasher. When it did work, the quick mode run time is 1 hour and 20 min. Normal mode cycle run time 5 hrs. The Heavy run time is forever and still the dishes are dirty. So was dishes by hand then put in dishwasher. Dishes will not dry unless you open the door after it finishes the run. I sincerely hope this helps someone from wasting their money! As for me I will NEVER buy anything from Fryes or Samsung again. Too bad one can't rate less than 1. The Samsung dishwasher,DMT300RFB, is JUNK! BTW this thing may cause a fire ???, Samsung said to turn it off at the breaker until repaired. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 15:22:28	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
85695968	first, the unit I got was definitely a returned item, it was still wet inside and missing parts. I have this thing hooked semi-permanently on it's own line in and drain out, so I don't experience any leakage from those areas. I will say the drain out connection is in a bit of a bad spot and requires a small overhang in the rear for me. I do experience a small leak from the front left corner of this machine. It's not water but the rinse agent, which I strongly recommend using for clean looking dishes as it's air dry only. It's definitely not the most powerful, it sometimes feel like I'm washing my dishes so I can put them into this thing and it does require a some mastery of Tetris to load in the most efficient way. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 15:22:28	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
48397553	This is our first dishwasher that we ever purchased. We couldn't find a dishwasher small enough to fit our tiny kitchen in stores. We were looking online for a store that sells small dishwashers and found this on Amazon. We were a bit hesitant buying an appliance online, but we breathed a sigh of relief when it arrived quickly. The installation was easy. My husband has never installed one before, and he had no problems doing it! It works like a charm. It's relatively quiet, and it does a really good job washing without leaving marks. Life without having to hand wash dishes have never been sweeter! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 15:22:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48843738	I ordered a set of stainless steel Samsung appliances from Home Depot.  What a mistake! Two of the four appliances do not work.  The freezer door on the refrigerator broke after two weeks.  I woke up Sunday morning to find water all over my kitchen floor and the food in my freezer unthawed. The dishwasher doesn't clean the dishes.  My 13 year old Kenmore cleaned ten times better. It leaves food on all my dishes and glasses. I have to clean my dishes by hand and use the dishwasher as a drying rack. What about Samsung customer service, you might ask?  The absolute worst customer service I have ever dealt with from any company in my life.  For starters, they tried to make an appointment with a company that no longer services Samsung products.  If I had not followed up with the service company, I would still be waiting for a phone call.  They do not take Samsung tickets, but Samsung competence did not realize this.  This was only my beginning with customer service. Promised follow up phone calls from Samsung, never happened.  I will stop here before this becomes a book.  I will just say that I will be without a freezer for at least two weeks, and it will be three weeks before they look at my dishwasher.  My advice, keep away from all Samsung products at all cost, and as for Home Depot, I received very little help.  In the future, I will give all my business to Lowes or Menards. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:48:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	customer service, cleanliness	true
52205208	Purchased this dishwasher for my daughter, she loves it.  Full size machine washes beautifully, not too loud.  She is thrilled. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:48:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
69869951	The only reason this product got one star is because amazon wouldnt let me fill the review out with zero stars.  Nothing but trouble with this product and haier.  It was damaged wen i got it, they wanted to charge me to replace one of the broken pieces. when i finally got the thing working (6 weeks later) i ended up with an underwater kitchen, the dishwasher door did not seal properly and leaked profusely.  The  customer service is absolutely horrendous.  Do not buy this product. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:48:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	door defect, customer service complaint, leak complaint	true
5086237	i love this deshwasher it is the perfect size and it's do the perfect job, ireally love it alot i keep give it a big hug :) 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:48:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
25559423	My girlfriend and I have been living in what we believe to be the 'perfect apartment' for this time in our lives; except, this apartment does not have a dishwasher. My girlfriend is usually stuck doing a sink load of dishes every night for at least 45 minutes, as I work full-time as a freelance graphic artist, and she is a full-time student with a part-time job along with a tutoring job. Needless to say, we are extremely busy, and at the end of the day the last thing we wanted to look at was a pile of crusty, dirty dishes that needed scrubbing.I decided to give in and buy this dishwasher. The price is great and this purchase is worth it (if you consider how much time is spent doing dishes each week and how much I earn per hour at my job, this thing pays for itself within 3 days). My girlfriend was ecstatic to learn that I'd bought us a dishwasher and we spent 2 days laying in anxious wait.I received this dishwasher in the mail on Friday, September 20, 2013. The item was packaged very well! We pulled it out and set it up on the counter. My girlfriend read the whole manual and did the installation. Here were the installation steps;1. Screwing in the two hoses to the back of the appliance2. Screwing in the adapter to the faucet3. Snapping on the hose to the faucet adapter4. Plugging the appliance in to an electrical outletAll in all, the installation was simple. Then, we loaded up the dishwasher. We fit 6 mugs, 10 utensils, 2 small dinner plates, a 4-cup glass measuring cup, two cereal bowls, and one small metal mixing bowl. We dropped a Finish tablet into the liquid despenser, snapped it closed and closed up the door to the machine. Then, we hit #34;power#34;, selected the #34;normal#34; wash cycle, and hit #34;start#34;. The appliance started running and we watched it closely for leaks. There were none! BUT * be careful to watch for leaks at the FAUCET where the hoses are snapped up to the adapter. If the metal adapter isn't screwed in tightly enough (but not TOO tight) there might be leaks from the faucet.Anyway, 85 minutes later (the manual explains how much time it takes for each cycle to run through) the machine beeped 8 nice loud beeps. First, we shut off the water supply, hit the red pressurizing button on the hose, disconnected the hose from the faucet and unplugged the washer. We opened up the washer and everything looked sparkling clean! Unfortunately, the mugs weren't totally dry (water welled up in the bottoms of the mugs, like what happens in most dishwashers) but we just wiped them down with a tea towel and started to unload. Everything was cleaned immaculately. We left the washer door tilted open a bit to make sure the inside of the washer could air out a bit (manual advises this to avoid mildew).All in all, we have done 3 washes and every wash has turned out beautifully. It literally takes 5 seconds to hook up every time you want to do a load. We LOVE this product and haven't had a problem at all. It is a life-saver and certainly a time-saver. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:48:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	water wells up in mugs complaint	true
62999462	WORTH THE MONEY AND WORKS GREAT TOO,MAKES LESS NOISE THAN MY PREVIOUS DISHWASHER, IN FACT, I DON'T EVEN NOTICE THAT IT'S ON.  HAVE TO LOOK TO SEE IF THE LIGHTS ARE ON!ORDERED FROM AMAZON AND GOT FREE SUPER SHIPPING.  NOT ONLY THAT,GOT IT IN 5 BUSINESS DAYS.  INSTALLATION WAS EASY IF YOU FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS.  SINCE I WAS REPLACING A BROKEN DISHWASHER, THE DRAIN HOSE AND HOT WATER FEED HOSE WAS ALREADY THERE.  YOU WILL STILL HAVE TO BUY A 3/4 TO 3/8 COMPRESSION FITTING REDUCER TO HOOK UP THE FEED LINE TO THE UNIT. IF IT'S A FIRST TIME INSTALLATION,  BUY DRAIN HOSE AND ELECTRICAL KIT, AND FEED LINE KIT.  BETTER TO HAVE THE RIGHT PARTS ON HAND, RATHER THAN RUNNING AROUND TOWN AFTER THE FACT!  WOULD DEFINITELY PURCHASE MAJOR APPLIANCES FROM AMAZON.COM AGAIN!Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYS, Stainless 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
82028503	We bought this in June of 2011 from another retailer and had it professionally installed by a Samsung certified installer.  Two years later we called for service for the third time.  When they pulled it out from under the counter top, they discovered that it had been leaking and had damaged the cabinets. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:53:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
39346262	January 10, 2014, 8:31 A.M.Note this Unit was installed on 6-29-2013. It replaced a similar Maytag D.W. ( with similar features ) that was used for seven years at the same location.  I also checked the lower spray wash spinner that is included in one of the pictures and it was working.On 1-8-2014, I ran the Lemi Shine thru the dishwasher on the heavy cycle ( D.W. was empty ) . I added one package of the Lemi Shine in the bottom of the dishwasher per instructions. I noticed that the water was about to be discharged so I disconnected the hose at the disposal and collected it into a 5 gal pail. So I added another package of the Lemi S. and added back the first batch. I then waited 1 hour to let the solution remain on the bottom. I had noticed that the water level was very low and there was very little spray action during the prewash cycle. I concluded that I might be short of wash water, so I added more water to bring the level to the maximum level at the door without spilling over. I cycled on #8220;Heavy Duty Cycle#8221; and each time the water drained out into the bucket I re-added it to the dishwasher over a two time hour period.Today, 1-9-2014 A.M., I just cycled the washer thru the Quick Cycle ( no additives, just plain city water ). I noted the amount of water that was discharged after the first wash cycle. I collected in and it is in the 2 liter green full bottle and 24 oz. clear half full bottles, in the picture. (Sorry,  I could not down load at this time, I will try again at a later time)  So altogether about 80 ounces of liquid. I also have the water that I used with the Lemi Shine in the labeled two gallon bottles, a little less than 2 gallons. I had poured some of the solution back into the dishwasher to soak over night. I did notice that even going thru the Quick Wash Cycle with no detergent that I was still getting a lot of bubbles and foam. Apparently the water was still cleaning out the pump and water lines in the dishwasher.I am not sure how the dishwasher will perform after the next regular washing cycle. We pre-wash by hand all dishes and rinse them prior to loading them in the washer. We do not add any soiled dishes or place settings to compound the washing cycle. Note this Unit was installed on 6-29-2013.  It replaced a similar Maytag D.W. that was used for seven years at the same location.Note:  I am a retired manufacturing engineer and write reviews often that appear on Amazon.com and other web sites.  I will update this review in the near future.  I hope that my reviews help out others making purchasing decisions.  Thank you. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	informative post. User seems to be describing results of an experiment	true
83206686	This is our second unit since 2008.  The first one was replaced by Electrolux after 4 months due to the fact that the dishes were always dirty and we had several service calls. Since we have had the new unit (November 2008), we have had to have it serviced 3 times.  The first time the wave touch panel had to be replaced because some of the lights on the words were not showing up.  The second issue was that we got an Error 1.  A service man came out and fixed it (so he said) in August of this year.  Just today, we had another service call for the same issue.  This time he replaced parts from the leak kit that was sent to us from Electrolux.  Even though we have an extended warranty from another company, I call Electrolux directly for issues and they send parts out to us directly.  At one point they even sent us a $250 check because of all the repairs we have had to have.Overall, the customer service at Electrolux has been good but we have just had way to many issues with both the dishwasher and our Electrolux double oven which we purchased at the same time.  We now have to deal with our extended warranty company on issues since we are out of the manufacturer's warranty.  Even when the dishwasher is working the dishes are not as clean as I would like.  We have had many much less expensive machines that cleaned better and had no issues at all.The dishwasher looks great and is very quiet, but I will never buy another Electrolux appliance. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:53:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	touch panel, coding defects	true
44803595	Does the job well - dishes a clean. Good value for the price. If it ran at 49 instead of 59 decibels it would be 5 stars 	dlaw	10-25-2015 15:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		true
53427314	I have had this for almost a year and it is wonderful!!!  I am a single mom of 3 and have to run several loads a day but I think it kills off germs better than hand-washing.  You HAVE to use a rinse aid with this though or the dishes come out looking grimy. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:00:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
69093669	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher died on Thanksgiving when we had 12 people over. I vowed never to have this problem again and bought what I thought was the best dishwasher available. This $900 Bosch died 3 weeks after installation on the day our company arrived for Christmas! It has been dead a week and we can not get anyone to fix it (bought at Pacific Sales) even though we bought a 3 yr maintenance agreement.DONT GO NEAR IT! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:00:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	reliability complaint/stopped working	true
89084350	We bought this a couple of years ago to replace the one that came with our home, that was about 15 years old. We thought, Ah, Bosch, surely this will be a model of efficiency and quiet operation, and we will perhaps even look forward to running the dishwasher! Well, we were right about it being quiet, but efficient? I don't have enough middle fingers to express how this dishwasher makes me feel every time I use it. Now, granted, we are on a well, with a water softener, but our 15 year old dishwasher was more reliable than this thing - it was just very loud. I wish now I would have spent the money on an iPod to use whenever I ran the thing and saved myself some frustration. I basically have to wash my dishes before I put them in this, or they do not get clean. So it basically serves as a sanitizer, while I have to still do all of the work. And I am running it on the Power Cycle so you'd think there'd be some oomph behind that, but nooooope.Also delightful is the failure of the electronic controls to respond as labeled. The top rack only button turns itself on (no, it's not a matter of bumping into it, because you have to press these buttons hard, usually several times, before they respond) and therefore shortens the cycle time. So then, I'll try to press and hold the Start button for 3 seconds, as instructed on the face of the machine, in order to reset it. No dice. Then I turn it off for a few minutes and try to reset it again. Nope. I go down to the breaker box in my basement and turn off the circuit to that part of the house for a few minutes, restore it, come back, nope. It is STILL stuck on a shorter cycle and will NOT reset.Unfortunately it is not in our family budget at this time to replace this heap of turd machine, but when that time comes, I will avoid the Bosch brand like it is a leprous porcupine. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:00:03	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	electronic control defects, efficiency complaint	true
43776315	Do yourself a favor - NEVER purchase an Electrolux appliance.We purchased 3 brand new Electrolux appliances as part of a major kitchen reno. This dishwasher was one of them.  Was worth way more than I was willing to spend but was sold on the rebate that they were offering.  Not only did I not get the rebate - 2 out of the 3 appliances quit working after less than a year of use.  This dishwasher never really cleaned that well - same problems as other reviewers with the glasses being dirtier than when they went in - whatever food particles are in your water were baked on to the glasses.  Then, one day when I went to load it - it was completely dead.  Wouldn't turn on - nothing.  The electronic control pad is fried - no warranty to replace (we purchased the appliances a few months earlier than we needed them beecause of the rebate).  The cost to replace is almost as much as a new one.I actually cried while talking to the Customer Service specialist ($2500 down the drain between the microwave and the dishwasher - plus being shorted the $800 rebate that we were supposed to get) and she had no sympathy - she said that it is not worth my health to cry over appliances.  Yeah, it's not upsetting at all to spend over $5K on appliances (getting a loan to purchase to boot) and having them die within a year with no recourse...Stay far away from Electroux.  Google their complaints and there are several stories out there similar to mine - new appliances at top of the line prices - suddenly dying after a year of use - and company not backing it up. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:00:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	control pad defect, cleanliness and doesn't turn on complaint	true
32718247	...and that is pretty much the only positive thing I can say about it.  We purchased a Bosch after reading rave reviews about them online. In addition, a friend at my husband's work owned one  was very pleased.  Upon getting this unit, I was immediately dismayed to find out it was designed to hold a 12-piece place setting. If I owned and used a 12-piece place setting daily I would probably have a maid loading the dishwasher and wouldn't care about its performance. As it is, I have a collection of mismatched pots, pans, dishes, mugs and glassware which do not fit comfortably into this unit. The cheesy plastic clips that hold the back adjustable rack in place snapped off after 6 months of twice-weekly use; I have moved the silverware bucket to the front where I can stack pots pans for cleaning by resting their handles on it. Don't expect to put any utensil, glass or bowl with any caked-on bit in the unit to get clean--it won't happen. A final drawback is that you MUST use rinse-aid and dishwasher detergent pods (or tablets-but they will have to be snapped in half to fit them in the detergent reservior). I won't use any PG products because they are NOT cruelty-free, but Method  7th Generation products work very well. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:00:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	rack defect, cleanliness complaint, design complaint	true
52740615	We have had our dishwasher since 2006 but have been unhappy with it for several years. Dishes don't come out clean. We won't buy any more GE models because of poor performance and  in  part because they are sending more and more of their manufacturing to other countries. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:12:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
51557850	I live in a tiny 1900s apartment.  Space is limited and on top of that I have physical limitations.  This dishwasher is perfect.  It takes up a little more space than a large microwave but works beautifully.  It holds my china and everyday where.  I bake - a lot - and it holds my mixing bowls as well.  I will never be without a dishwasher again - I love this little machine!!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:12:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
91984986	I'm not adding anything anyone else hasn't already said about how bad this dishwasher is.  Not only is horrible, LG has THE WORST customer service on the face of the planet.  Just stay away..... 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:12:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	bad customer service	true
64701292	It is what it is.A small counter top dishwasher.Very easy to set up. Had it up and running in less than 15 minutes.It cleans well, and so far no leaks.(UPDATE 3-18-2011)Returned this Dishwasher (Amazon is Great!)Pump quit working.Outside plastic shell cracked and door hinges came lose.The cheap Rinse dispenser filler never sealed.Cheaply built.This dishwasher worked OK for the first few days, but after a couple of days the dishes never came out clean, unless I washed them all before I put them in this so called 'dishwasher'.I wanted a dish washer so I didn't have to wash dishes... The only way dishes came out of this machine clean, was if I put them ALL in clean in the first place.All in all this Haier Dishwasher is a piece of junk... in my opinion. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:12:00	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
35269999	I purchased my Kitchenaid dishwasher in February.  So far lights in the display panel have burnt out.  It has a bad smell, I run it daily and rinse my dishes well.  The BIGGEST issue is that it has rust spots on the front panel that will NOT come off.  Kitchenaid informed me that the issue was cosmetic and they would not be responsible.  The rust is to the point that the front of the dishwasher does not look clean...ever...gross.... 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:12:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	rust and smell complaint. dispaly panel defect	true
79172774	I'm in my 60s and have owned five dishwashers since the 1970s.  My last dishwasher was a Maytag (non-electronic; had a fan and heating element; full cycle took less than an hour).  It was still working fine, but its trays had seen better days, and the heating element smelled bad, so I decided to look for something new.I bought the Kitchenaid KUDC10IX (that's ten i x).  Stainless steel interior; electronic controls (hard to find non-electronic these days).  I hate this dishwasher.1. Full cycle takes a L-O-N-G time to complete, and the Heavy cycle takes even longer.  It does have a One-Hour Cycle, but that cycle often leaves food on the dishes.  The machine turns the water abruptly on and off, over and over, at the beginning of the cycles.  This causes loud thunking sounds in the pipes (our home is only 12 years old) which prompt guests to ask, What's that booming?!!  No other appliances do this to our plumbing.2. The trays are very flimsy, and the bottom tray frequently goes off track -- full or empty, it slides off to the side, nearly dumping any dishes. The upper tray feels like it will just collapse when it's full and pulled all the way out.  Tall utensils in the silverware basket prevent the lower tray from sliding in -- I have to continually adjust the position of things like dinner knives.3. The dry cycle does no better job getting things dry than the old Maytag did -- the cupped bottoms of glass tumblers and coffee mugs and the turned-down lips of food containers collect water and must be blotted dry with a towel even after the Full cycle completes and the green light finally comes on.4. If the door is latched shut and you lightly brush across the buttons on the control panel (which I inadvertently do when raising the window shade or just reaching for a dish from the cupboard), the dishwasher will start.  Stopping it (Cancel and Drain) takes several minutes.5. It is not particularly noisy, but it's no quieter than my previous two dishwashers going back two decades.6. There are several design modifications that could be made which would make installation easier, especially with regard to the lower panel (toe kick area).7. The design of the trays is poor -- several do-dads stick out and restrict where dishes/glassware can be placed. My old Maytag held more dishes.8. The latch for the soap dispenser is very hard to push closed.9. The stainless steel interior is already looking corroded, even after only five months of use.10. About 1/3 of the times the dishwasher is run, I find little water puddles on the floor near the left corner of the door.  The water is not there when the dishwasher is started.  I think it might be condensation from the steam-escape vents at the upper left edge of the door. Almost no dishwashers these days include fans.  A fan would probably prevent this problem.I gave away my old dishwasher -- big mistake.  Replacing the heating element and the trays would have cost about $350, which sounded ridiculous, considering I could have a whole, new dishwasher for a couple hundred dollars more (mine is black, not stainless exterior).  Now I know why you get dozens of replies to a Craigslist ad for an old dishwasher -- the old ones are way better than the new ones.-----Oct. 2012 update:-----Twice in recent months, the wash cycle just stopped after a few minutes, and the panel flashed red lights.  The fix was to switch the circuit breaker off (the machine is on a dedicated 20-amp circuit) then wait a few seconds and toggle it back on.  The circuit breaker does not get tripped; it's still in the ON position when the machine stops, so I'm not sure why briefly shutting off the power solves the problem (it resets the dishwasher's circuit panel?  like hard re-booting your printer??)  The Kitchenaid customer support rep said if this keeps happening, he'd recommend calling for repair (they'd install new circuitry?  that sounds very expensive). If the machine doesn't shut itself off, will the motor overheat and set my kitchen on fire?! Is this going to be the next dishwasher recall? 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:22:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time, cleanliness, noise, cheap complaints, rack, button, latch, soap dispenser complaints	true
63063385	The unit looks great and feels well built as well. It cleans beautifully, even removed the cloudy film that my old crappy dishwasher left on the plates.It is also very quiet! I can turn it on and watch tv without the noise bothering me. Sure, there are quieter dishwashers out there but they don't have a food grinder.My only complaint is that the inside is a bit small. All of the dishes fit but it can get pretty crowded in there. Add some odd shaped dishes to the mix and suddenly the whole thing feels like tetris. I would have to say that you should avoid it if you have very tall glasses or very large plates. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:22:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	too small complaint	true
43090393	When I was searching for a dish washer, I was looking for reviews with comments about baby bottles but couldn't find any so I decided to just take a gamble and try one out myself. I bought this dishwasher as a gift for myself as a late birthday gift. I had originally bought it just for my sons bottles but it ends up fitting everything and more. I love how quiet the washing is as my son sleeps very light. I love that the hookup was so easy I did not even need any help from my Mr Fix it b/f. The only this that I do not like about the dish washer is the drying. I have done what previous reviewers had said and read the manual from front to back. It just seems like it is not given enough time to dry?? Im not sure, but all I know is that my dishes come out still wet and I have to hand dry most of them which is fine also because it was the washing that was killing me LOL. But other than the drying I love it and wish I would have bought one sooner. This would have really came in handy for when my daughter was born in 2009!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:22:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No	does not dry properly, part of cleanliness in protocol	true
75026099	I'm not usually one to post a review but this dishwasher is the worst appliance purchase I've ever made.  The beep when the door is open drives me crazy and has me looking for a way to have it disabled.  That would be reason enough to dump it but there's more.  The bottom rack has pins that are too closely set which make it difficult to properly set bowls.  The utensil basket is too small...much smaller than our previous KitchenAid.  We have the same problem another reviewer mentioned...the upper rack frequently comes off the runners.  Overall the interior is much smaller than my previous machine so I'm running more loads per week.  Don't buy it! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:22:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	noise, design, too small complaints, rack defects	true
18513161	Finding a faucet that would mate with the quick connect was difficult. It would not mate with the pull out hose on the Moen faucet so I added a second single hot  water faucet. Finding one to mate with the quick connect was most difficult.Two hardware stores and two plumbing supply stores later I had what I needed. Hooked it up, followed the directions and ran it. Reasonably quiet and clean dishes.Make sure you have enough counter space and height. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:22:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	could not find proper hose for faucet	true
84350790	A few of my neighbors just spent $1000 plus on more recognizable brands, but I prefer to pick best value items on Amazon and give them a shot.So far, I have not been disappointed.  Here are some of my thoughts and experiences so far:- Delivery was a little delayed and confused, but we got the unit in an acceptable timeframe.  I checked it over, and there were no scratches/dents or other damage.- I did the installation myself, I needed to buy some bits from Home Depot (wire nuts, power cable (old one needed replaced), water hose (old one got bent, replaced with flexible hose).  Once I had these, installation took me about 10 minutes.- In operation, the unit is quite loud, but it does appear to have got a little quieter in the last week.  It does not come with any outer noise insulation, but you could definitely wrap some over the top.  While the machine is loud, it is not overly so.- The unit is well laid out inside, not adjustable, but plenty of room for pots and pans.  It does a good job of cleaning._ Per other reviewers, the cutlery box thingy is a little small, but I don't see this as a big issue at all.  It will hold about two meal's worth of stuff for our family of 4, so no worries.- The unit looks well - does not look cheap or out of place versus our GE Profile appliances.Overall, I am impressed with my purchase.  Just in case, I also purchased a 3 year square trade agreement - at $30 it is worth it.  Neighbors were a little surprised at what we paid, and when we lay out the economics of the savings, it is a compelling case.  Give it a spin! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:23:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
61011251	I had no expectations for this dishwasher I just needed something affordable but this product turn out to be great. Better than expected. 5 stars from me. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:23:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39412732	I bought this dishwasher because it is quiet, it is that.  Unfortunately it doesn't work very well.  I used to rinse but not wash my dishes first, now I have to.  If there are small bits of food that are still on the dishes those tiny bits plug up the little holes in the water spray arm.  When that happens the dish washer leaves a gritty film on the dishes. If that grimmy film dries on the dishes they must be hand washed because it will not come off in another cycle of the dishwasher.  That is annoying however its made worse by the fact that it is very hard to get the stuff out of the spray arm.  The water spray arms come off but they don't open up so you have to use a pin to dig out or more likely push in the gunk into the spray arm and then get water in and shake and hope whatever it was comes out the larger middle hole.  This is a total pain in the neck.  I am now diligent in pre-washing my dishes which don't want do and I still have to clean out the sprayers several times a week to keep it working. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:23:00	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
74438007	We have a Miele Dishwasher and we use the Dishwasher Detergent tabs.  These tabs always work well.  They leave the dishes clean, no residue and easy to place in the dishwasher detergent compartment. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:23:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37685596	As usual, I spent a whole lot of time looking for a replacement dishwasher. Looked at a lot of models, and narrowed the choices down to models from Whirlpool, Bosch and KitchenAid.The high end Bosch and Kitchenaid models were great - read nothing but good things (for the most part) about their performance, and they are very, very quiet. But, cost was a factor, and I just couldn't see paying more than one grand for a dishwasher (and some are a LOT more than a grand!).Looked into Whirlpool since they get excellent reliability ratings from the consumer magazine. This model caught my eye since it offered a fully-integrated panel (i.e., the controls are hidden) and some nice convenience features. So far, it has been a top-notch performer.The potscrubber feature works very well, and is identical to the one on the Kitchenaid (not unexpected, since Whirlpool owns Kitchenaid). Love the movable cutlery basket! You can hang it on the door for more room, or put it on the front or side of the lower tray. If loaded properly, silverware comes out clean no matter where you put the basket. If, however, you tend to just toss in forks and spoons and not arrange them, you'll want to put the basket on the lower rack so it gets more direct spray time.The interior is light gray with a tile-type pattern. It's plastic, so it's not as fancy looking as stainless. But, I care more about what the dishwasher looks like from the outside, and the stainless steel outside looks great. It also has a unique feature among hidden control models in that the steam vent is on the front of the machine, and not the top. That's important to keep the steam from hitting the bottom of your counters. Can't figure out why everyone else doesn't do it that way.Many different cycles to choose from including regular, adaptive (which uses sensors to figure out what to do), high temp and sanitary rinse. Lots of nice little touches, such as foldable tines and clips to hold light plastic items so they don't flip over during the wash cycle.Noise levels are very low. No, it is not as whisper quiet as a higher end machine, but the sound level is not at all objectionable.Excellent value - lots of features, works well, looks great, holds a boat-load of dishes, and has lots of convenience features. Can't ask for more than that!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Update June 2010: It's been a year since I've had this, and I'm still 100% satisfied with the machine. I run about 2-3 loads per week and so far I've not had one item not come out perfectly clean. I use an enzyme-based detergent and the rinse-aid. Settings that work for me are adaptive wash with the high-temp option.I usually run the machine after dinner and then unload it the next morning. To save on electricity, I don't use the heated dry. I find that dishes come out completely dry, but plastic items are sometimes damp, especially if it's humid out. Usually the plastic is not damp enough to warrant a towel dry except for a few pieces that I have with a recessed base - enough water collects in the indentation to warrant a quick pass with a towel before putting it back into the shelf.I've tried the sanitizing rinse and that does help dry items a little bit better. I tend to use that only when I have really greasy dishes and want an extra high temp rinse to ensure all grease is gone.Zero mechanical problems so far. Hope this keeps up!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Update March 2012:  Working as good as the day I bought it. Very pleased! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:23:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36942337	This is a great dishwasher. Just what we needed. Other 18 inch dishwashers are actually 19 or 20 inch (Kenmore, etc). We needed something actually 18 inch or less. This product is exactly that.The adapter that comes with the dishwasher did not fit our Delta faucet with its non-standard sized cache aerator. Went to several local shops with no solution offered.This is the adapter piece (from Delta) that made this dishwasher work for us:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003MWRMIQ which is Delta part #RP51505 and you can read Delta's FAQ regarding this part here: [...]The adapter cost $5. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77773655	I bought this model dishwasher in July 2011. It broke down in November 2012, five months past manufacturer warranty. On the advice of my independent serviceman, I called Maytag's customer service. The manager (if you do this, don't talk to the front-line reps, it's worthless) agreed to replace the failed part (the electric touch pad) for free as long as I paid for the service call. Seemed fair enough, and so it went. I did have to take two days off work to get the job done, though. BUT ... It's now 45 days after that service call, and the machine has once again broken. People, check out Maytag's Facebook page before you buy one of their products! It's scary .... essentially, Maytag is no longer synonymous with quality. If you go ahead and buy a Maytag appliance, buy the extended warranty. You'll need it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:26:51	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	I don't know what "once again broken" qualifies as	false
22035042	The first dishwashers had a dent on the top. We contacted Edge Star. We had a replacement unless than a week. The dishwasher is so quite we forget it running until it drains. For a family of three it is great. It gets the dishes quite clean. The company customer service is very professional. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87243748	This dishwasher looks nice, is extremely quiet, it has large capacity.I would give it 5 stars if it was not for a big problem. It leaks through the door. Yes, the door.When you are putting the dishes inside it is normal to spill some water over the interior of the door while totally open. Well, when you close the door, all that water will go to the floor of my kitchen! The water somehow goes inside the door itself!?!?GE has been contacted and they are trying to run from their responsibility saying that the warranty only covers repairs. As this is a bad design it's out!!!!!When I have some time I will upload some videos here for you to see what you can get with this model.I discovered that you you close the door very, very, very slowly the water will not leak. But you close the door normally, it will all come out! It's hard to believe, but I will show you.Not recommended.UPDATE: A third technician coming over finally realize that a rubber sealing the bottom part of the door was placed 180 degrees wrong! That was the reason for the water to come out.Now works fine and I'm not able to do that video anymore. Sorry.I like to dry the dishes with the door slightly open. This way you dry the dishes for free putting some additional moister to the already very dry house. But this machine does not keep the door open. The system is made to close the door and use the Heated dry (using energy). What a waste of energy, for something that can be done for free. So I use a bottle of water to force the door to be open :(UPDATE2: the detergent dispenser is REALLY bad designed: it happens a lot that the detergent tabs don't fall out of the detergent dispenser during the wash cycle. This is due to the fact that the detergent dispenser box is not proper sealed and if you put the detergent tab while the box has some water the tab will dissolve before the cycle and will not come out.When the cycle finishes you can see all the detergent in the door, and some residues of it inside the machine, and the dishes all dirty with detergent.So now I need to dry the detergent dispenser before putting there toe detergent tab and run a second cycle again!PROS:-large capacity;-internal organization;-Silent;-allegedly efficient;CONS:-detergent dispenser bad design or low power water jets!-Quality control (above issue);-Door does not stay open to dry dishes on air (for free!).CONCLUSION: DON't RECOMMEND THIS MODEL!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:26:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48418590	We have had a FP dual drawer dishwasher in our kitchen for 8 years and have never had a need to call a repairman. My wife and I are empty nesters and it takes a couple or three days for us to fill a drawer. Yet, it manages to fulfill our needs when we have guests or a family gathering. This unit is certainly energy efficient and If you use a HE dishwasher soap and keep the rinse compartment full with the recommended ingredient then you should never have a problem. We had a learning curve when first purchased but, like anything else, if you play by the rules established by the game then you should be able to manage. We will be moving soon and fully assume that we will be replacing any dishwasher with a two drawer system by Fisher Paykel. Would buy this again without a second thought. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24395459	The control panel went out 3 weeks in, Maytag is LESS than helpful (completely indifferent), and we would NEVER buy from them again. Would not ever EVER recommend this product. This dishwasher also leaves a lot of gunk on glasses and silverware. Not quality or cost effective. We are going with ANYTHING else rather than another Maytag nightmare. For your own sanity, steer clear. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:27:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	control panel defect	true
43989751	This little power dishwasher is really great.  It takes a few tries to learn how to load it for the best cleaning.  Sits on the counter next to the sink.  So easy. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:27:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
35702455	When set up properly, this machine is a dream!  Quiet as a mouse, washes great, works well in our small apartment.Set up is the key.  The machine has a water softening feature that has NO mention in the Owner's manual.  When filled properly, it makes a big difference in machine performance.I recommend the Whirlpool W10320829 Soft Spring Dishwasher Salt, 2 Pounds - 3 Bags of it! (available on Amazon).  I used the 3 bags and 240 ml tap water and the #34;Salt Aid Warning Light#34; then went off.With the Salt Aid feature and regular drying agent, dishes come out spotless. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:27:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
33836780	The dishwasher does clean well and it is quiet. The upper rack adjusts to accommodate whatever you need to put in (such as stemware), however, if it is lowered too much, it will interfere with the silverware baskets. BUT - we've had it ten months and it quit. Just stopped working. No lights, no power, no nothing. As it turned out, we needed a control panel. It was a two week wait for the repair and part, so I've become re-acquainted with hand-washing dishes. The repairman did tell me that the previous year's model had been having similar problems and that there were other issues related to our model as well, although this was the first control panel he had to replace on this year's model. I guess some things on this model are pooping out so regularly, they carry the spare parts in their trucks.I can't not recommend the dishwasher because it does do a good job of doing what we bought it to do. However, the reliability seems questionable and we're really glad we purchased the extended warranty. This was a $700 dishwasher. It really shouldn't be crapping out in less than a year. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:27:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel defect,stopped working complaint	true
24445772	- One strong person with long arms can pick it up and move it.  It's about as big as an extra-large microwave.- It was easy to swap out the faucet-nozzle-thingy.  I think I did it without any tools, just uncrewed the nozzle that was one the sink and replaced it.  I can swap it back easily when I move out of this apartment.- The one downside of the nozzle is that when the dishwasher isn't attached, the water tends to shoot out of the faucet rather more aggressively than it did with normal cap, and thus I tend to splash myself more.- It doesn't work quite as well as a full-size dishwasher in terms of stuff that's stuck on or chunky, but normal dishwashers aren't really that great at that anyway.- My dinner plates don't fit into it very well, but no one complains about eating off of the salad plates and just taking seconds.  If you host a lot and were planning to use it to wash dinner plates... you won't be able to.- So far, I haven't had any problems with it breaking or leaking (I've had it for about a year). 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:27:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	cleanliness, nozzle complaints	true
91372934	Looks great, extremely quiet and cleans everything very well.However...the trap at the bottom fills in with stagnant water and takes on an awful odor.The reply from Bosch customer service was to buy a cleaning product and run the dishwasher daily.Would not buy another Bosch because of this. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:31:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	No		true
27455411	Absolutely 'love' it, performs better than I expected!!!  I received on time, however w/ cosmetic damage.  I was given the option to replace or receive 20% discount.  I've been very pleased w/ my buying experience on Amazon.  Amazon deserves 5 Stars for their customer service.  I've never experienced better! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:31:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	cosmetic damage	true
1349608	This 800 series dishwasher is a tremendous step up from any I have owned in the past 20 years.  It replaced an 8 yr old GE which sold for $699 on sale.  We also have a $450 Kenmore in the basement.  I never believed claims that you could simply put dishes in a dishwasher without rinsing and they would come out perfectly clean.  This one does.  From caked on cheese dip from the local Mexican restaurant to 3 day old unrinsed chili bowls, this unit cleans.  Other reviewers have noted drying issues but we have learned that the sanitize function really does the job and the dishes are dry when we pull them out (except for water sitting on top of concave cup bottoms).  This unit is very, very, quiet but don't expect it is noiseless.  As far as functionality, we were concerned that the tines would be too close together for our plates which are very thick.  This has not been the problem we feared as there are both wide and narrow sections of tines. Some of the tines also fold down for more flexibility.  The middle rack also adjusts up and down which allows us to put large fry pans on the bottom and still be able to load a 32 ounce plastic cup above.  The 3rd rack is ideal for large knives, water and insulated bottle tops, and other loose items. This is an investment I wish I had made earlier. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:31:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		true
41243792	We purchased this dishwasher.  It's not particularly roomy and doesn't do an especially good job of cleaning.  That aside, within three months, it began spewing water out of the left front corner, flooding our kitchen.  Store replaced dishwasher with same.  We've had it eight months and it began spewing water out of the same location as the first one.  Suspect a manufacturing defect.  Awful, awful dishwasher.  If you value your kitchen floor, run away from this one. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:31:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	small, cleanliness, flooding complaint	true
86193777	I bought this a long time ago when I lived in my studio apartment, and I ended up selling it within a few months. It barely holds any dishes, but it takes up a huge amount of space. It would blow my circuit breaker when I tried to use it and would clog up extremely easily. The draining system is very poor, and the alarm constantly goes off for seemingly no reason. Save your money. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:31:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	noise, draining, electrical, size complaints, seems to clog easily which means a drain or a hose component defect, not sure which. Since not specific, "No Component Defect"	true
83324287	I own the Miele 2142 which was rated #1 last year by various sites and Miele is still ranked highly with JD Power, as one quickly learns while sitting interminably on hold with their tech support department.  Don't be fooled. The Miele replaced a Bosch which ran without issue for over a decade. Miele is the worst appliance I have ever owned. It does not clean well, it does not dry, it requires regular desoaping with white vinegar as well as cleaning the trap and refilling the Rinse Agent frequently. The service department is inane, and tries to explain that the poor drying is because it is European and Green. Please, spare me. And now back to putting a fan in front of the overheated unit while waiting for a technician to come (one week is the soonest) for the third time this month. If you're reading this review, it is likely you can afford any dishwasher model but that is no reason to pay more for an inferior product with substandard support.  Pay less and get more. Horrible. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:33:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81869200	We have two homes and had the wonderful experience of having to replace the old GE dishwasher in both of them this year. The first one replaced was still working fine but was ten years old and a few tines that hold the dishes had rusted through and fallen off on both racks. We figured it was time to replace and spent many hours on the net reading reviews. There are tons of positive reviews for this unit, especially on the Whirlpool site. We bought the black version with every option including power scrub and movable tines. The first couple of loads were completely wet on the Eco cycle dry. Adding rinse agent solved the problem however. We were very happy with the sound level, speed and cleanliness of the dishes. We used the normal cycle, heat dry and Cascade Complete.Six months later, the other unit, also ten years of age, was leaking water from the motor housing. Having had such a great experience, we ordered the exact model but in white to match appliances. While the first few loads appeared okay, soon we noticed a substantial amount of mineral buildup on the glasses and dishes. The inside of the tub and racks began to look as if they had gone through a fifty year life there was so much buildup including food and a greasy film. We tried different brands of cleaners, both gel and powder, and different rinse agents. After reading review after review online, we discovered it was NEW GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS that had appeared to have destroyed our wonderful new dishwasher!!!1) First, the federal government passed legislation that required extremely low levels of energy and water consumption.2) Not to be outdone, 17 States then passed laws outlawing all phosphates in residential, but not commercial, dishwashers. The detergent manufacturers responded by removing phosphates from all brands in every state.3) Municipalities didn't like to be left out so some decided to outlaw water softeners.Remember our first wonderful experience. There, we have treated city water at 7 grains of hardness AND we run a water softener. Low levels of phosphate free detergent work just fine in that situation. The second home has treated city water which is extremely hard, has no water softener nor can we install. The new no-phosphate cleaners, which includes Cascade Complete, will not work. Ever. End of story.We resolved our problem with three things. We ordered Cascade Professional from Amazon. It has phosphates!! Before using, we cleaned our dishwasher with a product called Dishwasher Magic which restored the interior to like-new appearance. We use low amounts of the Cascade Professional with Finish Jet Dry rinse. Finally, we use the Sensor setting. This setting will raise the water temperature if the incoming water temp is too low.We literally spent days trying to resolve this issue. We probably washed ten loads while experimenting, hours on the phone and internet searching for answers and wasted money on a variety of products. I could rant for an hour on how little respect I have for the politicians that made us waste our time and resources trying to figure this out. Unfortunately, I couldn't rant without the use of foul language and the curse, May they all eat from grimy, encrusted, greasy, foul looking dishes and drink from cloudy, spotted glasses. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:33:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	This one is basically about how horrible the Government Regulations are	false
32286874	I am in love with this little guy.  It is the best dishwasher I've ever owned and so convenient to use.  I sat and read  pages and pages of the reviews before buying.  I'm grateful to all of you who took your time to let me know your positive reviews...you made it so easy for me, that's the reason I  ordered this great little dishwasher. As for the negative reviews, I gave them very little thought and went ahead and ordered it anyway.There was no issue with the box it arrived it, smelled like a box. I took the reviews to heart that said it was a heavy item, especially for an old lady, like me.  So I prepared myself with my small little short footstool on coaster wheels, set it right next to the front door for the UPS man to set it on top of and I pushed it right into my kitchen, using it as my dolly to get it there.  I knew from what you all had told me, it would be heavy to pick up alone and put on top of the counter...so I ask God to give me a helping hand...He did it and made it so easy for me to get it on the counter top by myself.  I knew it wouldn't be easy without His help, you may need to ask for it too if your like me and have no one to help you...He is always there for us if we just ask Him for help, never does He fail us.First I really want to make a correction of something.  At no time does the dirty water that exits this dishwasher come into direct contact with the faucet  as it exits the dishwasher or the clean tap water going into the washer.  The faucet connector that comes with it, doesn't allow that to happen.  There's a bypass inside that connector, so there is never any touching of one to the other and the dirty water doesn't  touch the faucet as it goes out of the connector.  Just wanted everyone to  know this, because you have helped me so much, I really wanted to help you too.Hooking it up was so easy and the directions are very easy to read, they are not in the least confusing and make common sense if you just read it and take your time about doing everything it says.  I used the Teflon tape on the fittings at the back of the washer, like others mentioned it was for extra protection in case of a leak, it will only be a benefit to you if you do it, but you don't have to.The noise is minimal to no noise at all, that this little dishwasher makes....you can talk on the phone standing next to it with no problems.  If yours does make to much noise, I would have to think it is not level on the counter top. Motors have trouble running quiet if they are tilted in one direction or the other, because that puts a bind on the motor and it wants you to know this.... so there's the noise. If that doesn't fix it....then yours is a different problem!The utensil holder can be taken apart fairly easily to give you more useable room inside the washer. There's a handle in the center of it, if you study the way it was put together it slides off the two sided utensil compartments and you can use them end to end, across the back of the washer basket for your utensils or just use one of them or none at all.The 2 flat utensil holders on the upper left side can also be removed (just easily unsnaps) and laid inside the roll out basket in the center, where the prongs are wider on the bottom to prevent larger items and utensils from falling thru to the washer spray arm.  This gives even more room inside to load more dishes and it's more useful to me to be able to use it this way.  We have to use our common sense and put everything inside it to good use,  in all their different ways.  I believe they knew we would do these simple changes from how they had it  set up to use, right from the factory.I use white vinegar as a rinse aid....it works great for spot free dishes and I just top it off about once a week, no problem.  As for the length of time it takes to wash dishes.  I have enough dishes that I don't need them while they are washing no matter how long it takes to wash.  Contrary to what I have read in some reviews...there is a #34;drying cycle#34; on all  cycles, #34;except#34; Speed  and Soak cycle.  They all do a fine job of washing the dishes spotless and I do scrape the food particles off before putting them inside to wash, you would do well if you did the same.The only thing I can also add to my review that I believe will be helpful and beneficial to everyone for long term use of this dishwasher..... use a small thick hand towel over the door latch after you open the door, or go to load or unload this dishwasher.  I read this in another review, she was right to suggest this to us.  These appliances with all their electronic memories inside the doors themselves, gets a lot of hot moisture built up on the doors making it easy to get moisture inside them, this is a major cause for electronic repairs/replacements and are expensive to repair....so I used her nifty idea, leaving the towel on top of the dishwasher, so I can just grab it and lay it on top of the latch each time I open the door....it has already saved me from spilling water directly into the latch a few times already.  God bless the sweet lady who took time to mentioned this to us.All I can say after all this....buy it if you want your dishes washed without standing in front of the sink and doing them yourself.  That's why I bought it.  I fell immediately in  love with this little guy....he's a God sent blessing to have on my counter and there was a lady who said she wanted to #34;hug#34; her's every time she walked past it....I agree with her! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:33:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67455031	I bought it for use in my RV and it is great in there.. Bowls are a problem though. It gets them clean and does not use too much water... 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:33:18	No Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	bowls are a problem...maybe falls under the size?	false
25187879	The plus is the dishwasher is super quiet.  Sadly, that's it.  The list of annoying and serious offenses outweighs the good.  Your clean dishes will smell to the point of nauseating you.  Despite all the bells and whistle buttons, dishes will only semi-dry even if you use the sanitize cycle.  By the way, even Bosch tells you sanitize is a must for dry dishes. That message was on a small piece of paper included with the instruction manual!!  They must have figured that one out after the manual was published. The repairman said there is nothing to be done and this is what the dishwasher does.  I use jet dry and glisten, but it does not help.  I waited a long time for a new dishwasher.  The old dishwasher relic still worked just fine and how I wish I had it back.  My mistake was wanted something new. Bosch is over rated, over priced, and a piece of junk.  In conclusion, if you are looking for an incredibly quiet dishwasher that will give you wet, smelly clean dishes, this is your model. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:33:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
9125169	I love this little guy.I do not have room for a full size dishwasher and I live in an apartment, so after many years of not having a dishwasher and hating to do dishes I looked into a counter top one. I did not want to spend a lot of money on something that was not going to work or issues, so I did my research and one that kep coming up as far as really good was SPT. I broke down and bought it and am so happy I have.You can put it anywhere, you do need to be close to the sink to hook it up though. The set up is supper easy unpack and you are good to go. To attach it, unscrew the faucet filter place on the one they give you and start washing. This takes any dish washing soap.OK what people with complain about...it's to small...well it is a small and you have to use your head when you put bog dishes in there, here is a hint the silverware basket comes out. I like to cook and bake so I have large bowls they fit.for the full I'm washing hard cycle it is about an hour to run, but turn it on and go to bed you are good. Because it does not have drying system, open up the door a crack let the dishes air dry. I love this thing, if you have a lot of dishes you may need to run  couple loads or do some my hand (I prefer to run a couple loads)this is energy star rated (means less water and electricity then other models). Here is the thing you run this full (be creative in loading it and load it full) you will save water.I would say buy it if you are looking. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:37:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
68277000	Where do I start.....This is a horrible dishwasher ever since we bought this dishwasher which was only a year ago it hasn't cleaned on load of dishes completely. I have tried several different types of dishwasher detergents and it still doesn't help. It leaves a foggy like color on my glasses and Tupperware. Half the time where you put the soap in it doesn't open throughout the cycle so your dishes weren't even cleaned with soap. The silverware holder also is in horrible shape the bottoms are already starting to break so my silverware falls through to the bottom of the dishwasher. I recommend not buying this horrible machine. We also have the microwave and range professional series and I recommend not buying them either. We will be buying a new dishwasher here soon since we no longer use our dishwasher we do our dishes by hand now. What a poor quality dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:37:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	soap dispenser, silverware holder defects	true
15697236	Most important to me was the no leak features since we have hardwood in the kitchen.  I was willing to pay more to get that.  Very quiet, and cleans well.  Important to just scrape not rinse dishes so sensors will determine the length of wash cycle as the water is recycled.  A cycle run with water glasses will be shorter than one with greasy dishes.  Filter needs cleaning occasionally.  The easy to lower top rack feature for taller items is handy.  Removing the top rack to accommodate something huge is also fine but I never use that feature.  Rinse agent and powdered or Finish Powerball detergent for better drying performance is recommended and, at least in my water situation, is necessary.  Uses less water so there is a need to adjust the amount of detergent appropriate for your water hardness to prevent etching.  It's load capacity is a little lower and it doesn't get plastic completely dry.  It doesn't have a heating coil. Using the sanitize cycle boosts the drying.  It is different than the rest.  I wanted durability, water and energy savings, clean dishes, and a no leak feature. If you follow the manual and give it what it wants you might like it.  If I had also wanted super big capacity, a shorter lifespan, and too hot to handle glassware I'd have replaced it with what I got rid of. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:37:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
53451709	After living with this expensive piece of junk for over 5 years we finally got rid of it and got a dishwasher that really does wash dishes.  The concept of this is great but the execution is horrible.  It just plain does not do its job well.  Not only that, but the racks have rusted, motor housings cracked and we eventually grew to not only dislike it, but hate the thing.  Our new top of the line Samsung cost about half what this thing did and is in every way superior.  Don't waste your money on this thing.  All these comments apply to the KitchenAid as well since they are identical. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:37:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	rust complaint, cracked motor housing defect	true
16401853	Consumer reports rated this very highly...I cancelled my consumer reports subscription.  EVERY day I kick myself in the butt for believing them.  When the machine is finished washing, the default setting is to stay on.  It does not turn off when it is done.  After 15 months pieces are falling apart in the washing baskets.I do dishes every day and every day I regret this desesion. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:37:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	falling apart items in dishwasher, function and design complaint	true
44442484	I'd never heard of Danby before but it made the size of dishwasher I wanted and the price was right.  I am very happy this this unit.  It arrived promptly and was very easy to set up for use.  Installation of the sale was new for me but it replaces the need for a rinse agent.I've been using this unit now for several months and it cleans well and the directions (if fully read) are easy to follow as it's a bit different that a regular dishwasher made for the US market.  It rolls easily and I'd have to say that my only complaint would be that the lower rack tends to be clunky when I pull it out or push it in.  I think that Danby could work on that and also the placement of the dish separations in the rack.Very happy with my purchase. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:39:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60092894	We've had this dishwasher just over a year, and I'm writing this review now because we finally figured out how to get it to dry dishes once washed.First, it replaced an excellent LG (which we gave to our kids) because the LG was white and there seems to be some sort of law that you can't have a white dishwasher with a stainless steel refrigerator or range. The LG was the quietest dishwasher we'd ever had, often having to check it to make sure we'd turned it on. Well, this Bosch is comparable. It is extremely quiet in all but the drain cycle. That's to be expected, and even that is quiet, well, as quiet as the LG and quieter than out old old GE.We required the buttons be on the outside of the door, NOT on top so that they disappear when the door is closed. Believe it or not, this cut our choices in half. Another issue was the handle. In a galley kitchen (or not), we would not have a dishwasher with a handle that sticks out - even if you could have another dish towel hanging. We definitely wanted flush handles which, btw, is how we ended up with the Bosch counter-depth (flush) refrigerator.The capacity is good, not great, one reason why I can only give it four stars. People talk about holding place settings for 6, but they never mention what happens to those place settings when you add a pot or pan or a broiling rack or pan! But we're only two people and on a daily basis, this more than meets our needs.Drying: Ah, drying. This has been a problem with many of our dishwashers. We've tried all the products for drying from Jet-Dry to a cake that was made to fit in the dispenser. We washed the dishes after dinner and let it go through the cycles and left the dishes and pots and pans to dry overnight. In the morning, there would still be spots that were wet though the dishes were dry and squeaky clean. Basically, we were running into the age-old problem on the lips of pots and the tops of cups filling with too much water for the machine to dry. Cups we dealt with by lying them on their sides, and that really worked. Pots or pans with lips we loaded on top when possible, and they were the first things we took out in the morning, and hand wipes the lips. And now - so we added 60 seconds to the unloading routine - all is well.In the old days, dishwashers had a heating element in the bottom and did a better job of drying. But in the old days, you couldn't have a conversation in the same room as the dishwasher, they were so noisy. You learn to live with these things.Washing, this gets 5 stars. Quiet, this gets 5 stars. Reliability, 5 stars. (Never a problem or repair.) Capacity and price ratio, four stars. Would we get another? Probably. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:39:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Doesn't dry the dishes	false
83006702	I've owned this dishwasher over three months now and have only good things to say about it.  I purchased the white exterior model SHX68T52UC.  It is identical except to the exterior on this model.  I'm posting this on this model because so many people are purchasing stainless and want people to have the full scope on this dishwasher.  I'm going to attempt to cover all aspects on this dishwasher and address issues some people have had.This dishwasher replaced a 10 year old Whirlpool.  My silverware basket attached to the door, so I had plenty of room in the bottom rack for dishes and plates.  I had many of the same cycles on my Whirlpool as this does, except the half load cycle.  I spent almost $800 on this dishwasher at the time.I read my manual on this dishwasher over 20 times to really understand how it operates. This dishwasher operates differently and if you're not open to doing things differently; then you should probably look for a standard dishwasher with a heating element.People have complained about the lack of a heated drying cycle.  The government has mandated all dishwashers use less energy and water.  The new dishwashers won't perform the same drying action as the dishwashers of old with a heating element the size of  rebar.  One of my friends purchased a new Kitchen Aid, and she's frequently left with the tops of glassware and Tupperware or plastic ware not dry.  The key is angling items, so water runs off of them.If you have a whole house generator; you cannot use the heated dry cycle.  You can only use the air dry cycle if the generator is used.  Heating elements use a tremendous amount of energy.Always unload from bottom to top. This way any water on the upper items will not drip down onto your dry dishes below.  You have three racks in this dishwasher.  A bottom rack, top rack, and cutlery tray, or third rack, above the top rack.Make sure your dishwasher is level.  Someone had mentioned their bottom rack keeps coming off the track when they pull it out.Odor:  you MUST let the interior dry.  With no heating element the interior will remain wet or moist.  I leave a rolled up kitchen towel against the top so it's slightly open overnight or during the day while my clean dishes are in the dishwasher.  Letting the interior air dry assures no odor and 99 percent of the time all the tops of my glassware and Tupperware type containers are dry too.  It's the same principle if you've taken a cooler to the beach and left it closed or don't leave your washing machine lid or door open; you'll get odor. They have to dry out.No room for tall items or items don't fit:  This top rack of this dishwasher raises or lowers to three different positions via paddles on the sides, and has two folding tine racks on the right side; so you have plenty of space depending on what you're loading.  You can even remove this rack if you have a very tall item like huge gumbo pot in the bottom rack.  I have an 11  x 17 pan that fits fine in the bottom rack.  I also have put a 4 quart crock pot along with a 6 quart crock pot,  a thick plate, a cutting board, ramekin, and microwave cover in one picture in the bottom rack. Dishes fit better if they're stacked back to front the way the tines are designed on the bottom rack. Have the back of the dishes facing you when loading. This is the opposite of my old Whirlpool dishwasher. The tines were completely straight instead of angled.If you have tall glasses, just lower the top rack.  You have a 9 to 10 gap between the bottom of the top tray and bottom of the cutlery tray when the rack is in the lowest position.  When the top rack is raised to the highest position; there is a  7 to 8 gap between the two trays.The cutlery tray holds about 70 pieces of cutlery.  If you don't wish to use the cutlery or flatware tray, you can always use the accompanying silverware basket that fits in the bottom tray like most conventional dishwashers.The bottom rack has two sets of tines towards the rear which fold down if you wish. A vase holder unclips, and sometimes I put it towards the side on the bottom rack to hold frying pans up. The plate holder section on the left has wider tines to allow for thick plates, and the ones on the right are closer together.Detergent and rinse agent:  You must know the hardness of your water in order to adjust the rinse aid and detergent amount used.  People are complaining about having to use rinse agent.  I find I use less detergent with this dishwasher since it uses less water, so I think it all evens out.  I have a water softener and filtration system, and have found setting the rinse aid cycle to 2, and using one tablespoon of detergent is often enough.  If you use the packaged tablets or gel packs with about 3 tablespoons worth of detergent; they can  leave residue if you don't have enough dishes in the dishwasher or they're not dirty enough.  Etching on glassware, rust and pitting on flatware will result.  Someone also complained the tablets or gel packs don't fit well.  The dispenser is angled, so if you place the packs in at an angle they fit fine.  If my dishes are very dirty, and I use a prepackaged pack; I've personally found Finish Power and Free to be the best.  It uses hydrogen peroxide and has less harmful chemicals.  I also utilize the Finish Power and Free rinse aid.  I've tried the Cascade rinse agent, regular Finish, Finish Turbo Dry, and like the Finish Power and Free rinse agent the best.Cycles: I love the half load cycle when I don't have a lot of dishes, but I've cooked up fish or cabbage and don't want the smelly dishes sitting in the dishwasher until I have a full load.  Use up to a tablespoon of liquid or powder detergent.  A tablet worth of 3 tablespoons of detergent will probably be too much.I usually use the Eco cycle because I don't want super heated water since I normally use my good china for everyday use.  China generally shouldn't be in water temperature higher than about 140 degrees.  The rinse temperature on the Bosch is 144 degrees using this cycle.**Note:  Please see the attached 9 pictures I've posted** 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:39:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64654561	This has honestly saved me about 10 hours a week of washing dishes. It is the best thing since sliced bread. The only MINOR thing that I could possibly complain about is that it is a little on the noisy side, but it washed in under an hour, so I can deal with it for that long. It gets the dishes cleaner than I could possibly get them by hand, and in an eight of the time. I HIGHLY recommend it, even though it seems to be unavailable everywhere for some reason :( 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:39:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
74804352	1- Doesn't fit full-sized dinner plates. 2-Hose assembly complicated and poorly designed, compared to other portables. 3-One wheel was broken upon delivery, and even the ones that work don't rotate properly. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:39:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
26277334	Nice unit, but you definitely need to get used to loading it correctly. It's good for plates, glasses and cutlery but not for long cooking utensils or large items. Since its compact the space is obviously very limited. It washes well, and has cut down on the time and water I used to use manually washing everything. I recommend it for households of 1-2 people max. Nice little unit! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:42:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
34917902	We own this dishwasher in black. Dishes are never fully dry and the finish on the front panel around the steam vent is bubbling. I suspect it is rusting underneath the finish. Design flaw? It's just over a year old so whirlpool won't cover. We bought the HH Gregg warranty but, unlike what the salesman told us, (he said the extended warranty covers absolutely anything) the warranty only covers mechanical issues. Do not buy whirlpool and do not buy from HH Gregg!!!!!!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:42:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	You should make "dopiest dry the dishes" a complaint/defect	false
53408081	On the advice of the local appliance repair guy, I purchased this dishwasher new at Lowes.  We have had it for right at a year now and I'm very disappointed.  I'll get to the worst of it first... 1) A few times a month it will not complete a wash cycle.  It seems like it resets itself after a few tries and starts working again.  2) The pump sounds like it is trying to die.  At least once a week my wife tells me that the dishwasher is making a grinding noise.  I'm waiting for the pump to die so I can replace the dishwasher.  3)  If it did not have the previous mentioned problems, I would not buy this unit for the following reason alone... The buttons on the panel are very sensitive.  You can easily turn on the dishwasher or change the settings just by working at the counter. Unless of course you are trying to press the child lock button which has a mind of its own.  It sometimes works and sometimes doesn't.  When I started writing the review, I had rated this item with two stars.  My wife told me to revise that to just one.  Given the price of the unit, your money is best spent on an alternative. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:42:13	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64100385	This was a recent purchase to replace a long-serving Maytag that gave it up after 12 years.It runs extremely quietly, and has an elegant appearance. The control pad is hidden in the door frame when the the door is closed. A single visible LED on the front glows blue (during washing), red (during drying) or green (when finished).A variant of this model with no handle and visible control panel is also avaialble.In operation this is the quietest dishwasher I've ever used. Dishes are clean even when they go in with heavy soil and dried food residue. The interior contains multiple adjustments to accommodate stemware and other non-standard items.Good warranty (5 years). Can't address its long term reliability, but this is an excellent machine so far. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:42:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37491303	This is a great countertop dishwasher. I was initially skeptical and expected it not to last, but we've owned ours for almost 2 years now and haven't had any problems with it or the connections to the faucet. It cleans as well as any dishwasher, so don't expect super hardened oatmeal to come off magically. The built in heated dry works, but you'll still be grabbing a dish towel to finish the job.The capacity works well for a family of three, we usually run it once or twice a day. We don't put pots or pans in it, we never did that even when we lived somewhere with a full size dishwasher, so I can't give any feedback there.The largest plate you can put in it to fill it comfortably is 10#34;. You can make 11#34; plates fit with some creative leaning, but you won't be able to fill it as much. There are different settings for length and soil level and capacity, to be honest we've never changed it from the default #34;normal#34; setting for any job. On the noise factor, my wife and I are amazed at how quiet it is. You can have a conversation in the same room without a problem and if you leave the kitchen it is completely silent until the water drains as the dishwasher goes through it's cycles, nothing to complain about in my opinion.If you can't put in a full sized dishwasher and are tired of washing dishes by hand, you can't go wrong with this countertop unit. Installation was super easy, not even worth mentioning. It saves time, it works reliably, and it cleans well. I would buy another one if this one ever gives out on us. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 16:42:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75857924	I actually bought one of these used off of Craigslist -I was happy as a lark to have my little Danby and set it up on a microwave cart/island, ecstatic to have some help with my dishes and pleased as punch at the good job it did even with substituing a baby bottle utensil rack for the missing one. After about a week or two, I was running the dishwasher and almost slipped in a puddle on the kitchen floor -having had a couple issues hooking it up the first time (oops, left that rubber washer in my pocket! -oh, and I guess I didn't get that tight enough!) I immediately checked the hoses, then let out a cry of dismay as I saw the water was leaking from the FRONT -from the WINDOW!!! -not sure, but it looks as though someone may have reglued the window once already :-( I have some Gorilla Glue (100% waterproof!) but it says on the bottle that it won't work on polyethylene or polypropylene plastics, and it's not like there's a little recycling symbol anywhere on the window so how do I know what kind of plastic it is?  Guess I'll be heading to the hardware store on my next day off... I won't give up on you, my little Danby!!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:48:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
40831640	I just finished remodeling my kitchen from top to bottom four months ago: new cabinets, new floor, new everything, and...new appliances.  I approached the remodeling as I did all of my past projects, when I was working as a researcher in nuclear physics: systematically and carefully, and in this case, adding to it special focus toward aesthetics.Obviously, a dishwasher was part of this remodeling.  Since my household includes only two people, my wife and me (and two cats), and I am very energy-conservation conscious, I needed a machine that would allow me to do small loads of dishes and not waste energy or water.  After a thorough review of what was available on the market, I settled on one of Bosch better models which allowed for half-loads of dishes, until I realized that this dishwasher would not allow me to include full-size (11-5/8) dinner plates, which I use daily, when doing half loads in the upper rack (I went to the appliance store with a dinner plate in hand, and demonstrated to an apparently incredulous salesman this impossibility).  I then looked at other makes of dishwashers, but found out that the same was true for them, also: large dinner plates --&gt; no half-loads possible --&gt; no energy savings.  That is, until I came across the Fisher  Paykel DD-603SS.To be honest, I was first taken by the exquisite design of this dishwasher, and became very biased in its favor, because of its advanced technology, which includes its smart electronics (Smart Drive) to control brushless DC motors, and its magnetic couplings that do away with the use of belts.  The advantages of DC motors are that their speeds can be adjusted continuously in a forward and a reversed direction, and because they can be made in small, compact sizes to fit in a minimum of space, the usable volume for the dishes is increased.  Prejudiced or not, I believe I still arrived at the decision to purchase this dishwasher in a rational manner.ControlsIt takes no time to master the operation of the dishwasher, which is mostly intuitive.  The DD (Double DishDrawer) - 603SS consists of two independent drawers.  Each drawer has its own set of controls, which allows for its independent operation.  When the drawer is closed, several controls are apparent on the upper edges, including an LCD output and several push buttons: Power, Start/Pause, and Lock.  The Start/Pause button is also used in activating the Delay Start.  The LCD displays images as the wash cycle progresses (Dirty, Pre-Wash, Main Wash, etc.), and the remaining time of the cycle in one-minute increments.  Also indicated is a delay start symbol.With the drawer open, its wash program selector can be seen on the top edge of the door.  The touch control panel can be cycled through five different programs: Heavy, Normal, Fast, Delicate, and Rinse.  Another button on the panel, Eco, modifies each of the wash programs, reducing the amount of water, detergent, and energy used, and shortening the duration of the wash cycle.  In the Normal mode, a wash cycle uses as little as 2.4 gallons of water, which means that using a single unit or half a load, you save half the energy, water and detergent of a conventional dishwasher.  Each of selections is indicated by a red light on the cycle selector panel.PerformanceThe two tubs are identical in size and performance.  Each tub is made of a polymer material with rounded edges, a thoughtful design, which avoids trapping dirt in the corners, and also acts as a sound absorber.  The secret for an efficient operation of the dishwasher is how to properly load the dishes in a drawer.  There are different removable racks and inserts for different types of dishes (plates, glasses, cutlery, etc.), and they are interchangeable between the two drawers.  There are retractable racks on either side of the tub to accommodate wine glasses, cups, and kitchen utensils.  With a little practice, one gets good at it fast.Each drawer's volume is 60% of a standard dishwasher's usable space.  It follows that the DishDrawer has 120% the capacity of a conventional dishwasher.The rotating spray arm is located at the bottom of the tub.  Care should be taken not to have utensils protruding through the basket, which could impede the rotation of the arm.The only required cleaning (we do it before each new wash, but it is not necessary) is the filter, located at the bottom of the drawer, and accessible through an opening in the basket.  Simply rinse it under running water in the sink.  It is suggested that the spray arm and filter plate be cleaned about once a month, an easy maintenance task.  Please note that there is always some remaining water in the filter cavity: this is normal.It is recommended to use only powder detergent.  DishDrawer was the first dishwasher to use a flow-through detergent and rinse agent dispensers, which protects the dishes and glasses against detergent burns.  In the DishDrawer, the detergent is not just injected into the drawer at a designated time during the cycle as it is with all other dishwashers.  Instead, DishDrawer premixes the detergent with water to activate the enzymes of the detergent.The detergent is placed in the dispenser, the amount of which depends on the type of water used: soft, medium, or hard, from one to six teaspoons.  You should take care to always use the minimum quantity of powder in order to avoid excessive foaming, which could lead to problems.  In my community, the water is soft, and two to three tea spoons is all that is needed to get the dishes squeaky clean each and every time.There are nine possible wash programs, each to be used for loads of dishes under different soiled conditions.  The brushless DC motor adjusts to any of the speed required for each type of wash.  The required water temperatures vary according to the type of wash, from 120 F to 150 F, for Delicate to Heavy.  If Eco is selected, the temperatures vary from 115 F to 150 F.  Each of these wash cycles has a different duration, which is indicated on the LCD output.  The wash durations vary from 86 minutes to 132 minutes for the Delicate to the Heavy cycles, with the Fast wash cycle taking only 56 minutes.  If the Eco option is selected, the required times are 72 minutes to 112 minutes, and the Fast wash is only 38 minutes.  There will be small variations in these wash times, depending on the water temperature and type of load.  Changing the wash cycle on the DishDrawer not only changes the time and the temperature of the water, it also changes the amount of water pressure used.  So, delicate dishes are treated delicately and a stronger water pressure is used for heavy soiled dishes.  This is to be compared to many conventional dishwashers, where a change in wash cycles only affects the length of the wash cycle and, in some dishwashers, the water temperature.So far, I have used almost exclusively the Fast-Eco option with remarkable results.  Following dinner parties, I have simultaneously placed the glassware in one of the drawers, and the plates, pans, and other utensils in the other, and run both washes simultaneously, using different wash programs, with very good results.  The ONLY requirement for perfect results has been a simple pre-rinse under the sink faucet of the cooking utensils and heavily-soiled dishes before placing them in the tubs.  How much pre-rinse?  I kind of overdid it, in the beginning, but soon found out what was reasonable.  Basically, get rid of any large particulates which could eventually clog up one of the exhaust pipes: common sense is the guide.Liquid rinse agent should used for best drying results.  I have followed this recommendation from the very beginning and been quite impressed with the results, especially on the glasses, which show no streaking at all.  A dark liquid rinse type is necessary because of the LED system continuously monitoring its amount in the dispenser.  Light color rinse agents will not dim the indicator light as effectively.  A red light indicates when the dispenser should be refilled.The DishDrawer draws air in from the outside to dry the dishes.  A fan assisting in the drying (except in the Fast and Rinse programs) runs for a set time or until the drawer is opened.  I usually do the dishes before going to bed, and in the morning, as I reach in for a coffee cup or other utensils, they are always dry.  Some of the plastic containers have, at times, been still somewhat wet, but glass, ceramic, and metal surfaces are always dry.The user's easier access, improved visibility and fewer movements to open, load and close the drawers makes loading and unloading the DishDrawer is simple task: you open and close the dishwasher just like every other kitchen drawer.The operation of the DishDrawer is very quite: while in the kitchen, even with both drawers running at the same time, one just hears a low humming, which does not distract nor interfere with your concentration in preparing your meal or intrude in a conversation.Option adjustments to the rinse agent setting, water softener setting, auto power options, etc., can be made using a combination of the Eco,  Lock, and Start/Pause buttons. There is also the possibility to delay washing the dishes, by setting a timer to a chosen time, a feature I have not yet used.  Nor have I used the Childlock feature, which locks the drawers and disables all the controls.  For areas with hard water, there is a water softener which is filled with granular salt made especially for dishwashers.  Since the water in my community is soft, I did not have to experiment with the water softener.With the two drawers usually available, I use each one alternatively, such that the one which was used the night before to wash the dishes becomes a storage drawer for clean dishes the following day, while its companion will be filled with the dirty dishes of the day.Finally, if in the course of a wash a fault were to occur, the corresponding fault code would be displayed on the LCD and on the inside control panel, as shown in the user's manual.  The same manual tells you what action is to be taken.  Fortunately, up to now, I have not experienced this feature.[...]I have operated this dishwasher daily for the last four months, and have been extremely satisfied with its performance.  It is a beautifully designed piece of equipment, both outside and inside.  It enhances my kitchen environment, while at the same time performing a very satisfying job.Note added Nov. 5, 2008. We have used the dishwasher for 14 months. Not only have we not needed any service call, but we also never encountered any operational problem. I had a small accident, due to my clumsiness, resulting in the breakage of a hinge of one of the side retractable shelves located on the side of the tube. I just called the FP; main number, and was provided with a free replacement within less than one week.We almost exclusively use the Eco-Fast Mode (38 minutes) everyday. I have used the Eco-Delicate Mode and Eco-Heavy Mode on numerous occasions, with excellent results. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:48:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
51426359	The dishwasher was very well packed and arrived in perfect condition. The set-up and operating instructions are only so-so, but luckily I had a similar portable dishwasher in the '70's so I knew how to attach the special aerator to the faucet and attach the hoses to that aerator. I also knew that the little red button was to release the pressure so you don't get squirted when you disconnect the hoses from the aerator.The manual also doesn't explain what to expect during the various cycles so we were at first concerned when it did NOT pump out all the water in the tub at the very beginning of the #34;dry#34; cycle during a #34;rinse-only#34; test. However, my daughter (the user) reports that all is well and that patience is a virtue with this machine (that is, the cycles are very long). 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:48:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	time, unclear instructions	true
81869200	We have two homes and had the wonderful experience of having to replace the old GE dishwasher in both of them this year. The first one replaced was still working fine but was ten years old and a few tines that hold the dishes had rusted through and fallen off on both racks. We figured it was time to replace and spent many hours on the net reading reviews. There are tons of positive reviews for this unit, especially on the Whirlpool site. We bought the black version with every option including power scrub and movable tines. The first couple of loads were completely wet on the Eco cycle dry. Adding rinse agent solved the problem however. We were very happy with the sound level, speed and cleanliness of the dishes. We used the normal cycle, heat dry and Cascade Complete.Six months later, the other unit, also ten years of age, was leaking water from the motor housing. Having had such a great experience, we ordered the exact model but in white to match appliances. While the first few loads appeared okay, soon we noticed a substantial amount of mineral buildup on the glasses and dishes. The inside of the tub and racks began to look as if they had gone through a fifty year life there was so much buildup including food and a greasy film. We tried different brands of cleaners, both gel and powder, and different rinse agents. After reading review after review online, we discovered it was NEW GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS that had appeared to have destroyed our wonderful new dishwasher!!!1) First, the federal government passed legislation that required extremely low levels of energy and water consumption.2) Not to be outdone, 17 States then passed laws outlawing all phosphates in residential, but not commercial, dishwashers. The detergent manufacturers responded by removing phosphates from all brands in every state.3) Municipalities didn't like to be left out so some decided to outlaw water softeners.Remember our first wonderful experience. There, we have treated city water at 7 grains of hardness AND we run a water softener. Low levels of phosphate free detergent work just fine in that situation. The second home has treated city water which is extremely hard, has no water softener nor can we install. The new no-phosphate cleaners, which includes Cascade Complete, will not work. Ever. End of story.We resolved our problem with three things. We ordered Cascade Professional from Amazon. It has phosphates!! Before using, we cleaned our dishwasher with a product called Dishwasher Magic which restored the interior to like-new appearance. We use low amounts of the Cascade Professional with Finish Jet Dry rinse. Finally, we use the Sensor setting. This setting will raise the water temperature if the incoming water temp is too low.We literally spent days trying to resolve this issue. We probably washed ten loads while experimenting, hours on the phone and internet searching for answers and wasted money on a variety of products. I could rant for an hour on how little respect I have for the politicians that made us waste our time and resources trying to figure this out. Unfortunately, I couldn't rant without the use of foul language and the curse, May they all eat from grimy, encrusted, greasy, foul looking dishes and drink from cloudy, spotted glasses. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:48:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
5933170	I received this counter-top dishwasher for Christmas, on the same day I was to prepare a standing rib roast, 2 whole chickens, and country style ribs and all the fixings for  10 people.  Needless to say, I put this dishwasher through its paces that night.  Yes, I had to reload several times, but for once I could entertain while my dishes were being done. I also have to admit I shoved several dishes into the EdgeStar 6 which wasn't necessarily recommended by the manufacturer, but they came out sparkling.I had a little issue with cloudy residue on my dishes which was easily remedied by cutting down my detergent in half (which makes sense, considering the machine itself is half the size of a conventional dishwasher). I had purchased a tub of Cascade complete pacs and found that if I cut them in half and saved the other half for the next washing, the dishes turned out perfectly.On one occasion, my dishwasher leaked from behind at the hose connection.  Now, before I do a load, I quickly check the hoses are securely tightened (super easy to do) and have not had a problem since.Cleaning the interior, filters, and wash arm is effortless.  The stainless steel interior does not hold odors and cleans easily as well.This dishwasher is easy to connect and disconnect from the faucet, just remember to turn off the water before disconnecting.  It is not as much a tragedy if this happens, but comedic...and you will probably never forget to turn off the water again.The Edgestar 6 is not overly noisy.  The only time it may be noticeable is when water is discharged into the sink.  I take advantage of the water discharge by putting dirty dishes waiting for the next load that need to be rinsed under were the water discharges!  Can't do that with a regular dishwasher.The pause function is very useful and I have been thankful for this feature SEVERAL times.I have been very pleased with my Edgestar 6 and highly recommend it for small families, empty nesters, or someone who does not want to spend the money for a built in dishwasher.  As far a compromised counter-space,  it's small enough to move it if you need to (or get a rolling cart). 	dlaw	10-25-2015 16:48:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
82311702	We have had zero problems with this dishwasher. Once I cleared out space under the counter for it the installation was actually really easy. The #34;normal#34; cycle can be a bit long but it beats standing over the sink washing by hand every night. The wife loves it and we are very satisfied, just make sure you keep rinsing out the filters! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:56:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66175593	Doesn't clean dishes very well and after replacing a $500 motherboard 2 months into our using it it is now broken again and will cost another couple of hundred to fix a problem that came that way from the manufacturer that they will not cover because we are not the original owners.  Terrible dishwasher.  Quiet though - maybe because it is not cleaning dishes. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:56:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
35009722	Pros:Stainless steel finish, beautiful, quiet. So it got two stars here.Cons:Could not wash very well, could see the detergent residues on pans after washing.Layout structure(Shelf) is EXTREMELY stupid, only VERY low height dishes (3/4 inch) could be fited in, bowls could not be fited well on shelf, most stupid shelf design. It does not fit for family who uses bowls frequently at all. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:56:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27339418	Horrible dishwasher! I was so looking forward to it because the reviews were great, but this product really is not. It says it can fit 6 place settings and can only fit 4. The plates and bowls don't fit at all, which leaves room for glasses and silverware only. And even with this little amount, after 2 washes the dishes were still dirty. Yes, I rinsed them well before running the machine. It's a big disappointment, but I guess you get what you pay for, and this machine was the cheapest. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:56:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
46918333	I bought this dishwasher at Sears and have owned it for a few months now. It's quiet, cleans my dishes wonderfully and hasn't given me any trouble at all. I replaced a 15 year old Frigidaire Professional series and this one is much quieter and cleans better. In addition, it is very well constructed. The Stormwash works great as well. I made cookies and put my KA mixer bowl over the Stormwash jet without rinsing it. I just threw the bowl in there with dried cookie dough and all. Came out spotless. I also tried dried egg yolk on dishes using the normal setting.  Those too came out spotless along with some peanut butter covered silverware. I never have extraneous chunks of food stuck to my dishes or any strange smells. The stainless interior is also much nicer to look at than the old plastic tub of the Frigidaire. The unit also dries very good even with the convection drying (no heating element). Overall I'm very happy with my purchase.I looked at Kitchen Aid and Bosch before deciding on the Samsung. The kitchen Aid was nice but I refuse to spend $1400 for a dishwasher. The Bosch seemed very cheap to me (referring to build quality) and the reviews are mixed with lots of people having problems. To compound that, the Bosch is also very expensive.So in closing I got a great cleaning, quiet dishwasher that is well constructed for less than $700 with coupons/price matching. You'll be hard pressed to find a dishwasher that performs as well, with as many features at this price point. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:56:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64357795	My household installed this dishwasher four weeks ago and have run it between one and three times daily since. I was satisfied from the first load but waited a month to review due to mixed reviews in case problems cropped up.In short, this was a marvelous purchase. It is super, super quiet and cleans extremely well. The hidden heating element protects any small items that fall. We use tons of flatware, so we appreciate the ample (but removable) silverware bin. Those in-door silverware holders would be inadequate. I like the countdown timer.Regarding complaints of other reviewers: We have had no problems whatsoever with unwanted odors, wet dishes, or self-starting. (The entire appliance should be powered off between washes, anyway.)The tines that hold dishes in place are laid out differently than other dishwashers I've used, but after a couple weeks, I had a good system going. I actually like that the rows on top vary in width. It holds different size cups more securely when the person loading can place each item where it fits best. There is plenty of height on the lower rack to hold a blender carafe or other tall items.The machine does require rinse agent to operate properly, so be sure you have some on hand. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:59:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56258717	This machine worked correctly for less than three months. When it failed, I immediately contacted Frigidaire/Electrolux using the toll-free number listed on the machine. The incredibly irritating automated system reccommended that I contact one of the local companies responsible for performing their warranty repairs. The first number was no longer in service and the second allowed us to make an appointment (sometime between noon and 6:00pm)for service. I took time off from work in order to make this appointment. Unfortunately and predictably, nobody showed up for this appointment. We are now washing our dishes by hand while we contemplate what went wrong with American industry. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:59:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that is causing the machine to fail	false
21254507	I bought this over 2 years ago  it has broken down 4 times so far. I am looking at a $450 repair right now  I have already spent hundreds. Kitchenaid was no help. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:59:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing this machine to break	false
37248785	We purchased this unit in 2008 and immediately wished we had not.  Even with an extended warranty, we had continuous problems with leaks, the upper arm not spraying and now with no warranty left, the circuit board has decided to work or not at random. All the lights(control buttons) will go out at once and stay out for a day or maybe a week and then come back on and work fine.We got tired of this and have purchased a Whirlpool in its place.  I would not recommend an Electrolux of any model unless you have a relative that is an appliance repairman!!!! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:59:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81468870	I never had a problem with Amazon in dealing with the issues I had with this dishwasher.  The dishwasher on heated dry does not really work properly.  The silverware and even thin glass cups never get dry.  I had two technicians over in a two week period to fix the dishwasher, while dealing with whirlpool/Amana their customer service is so un-organized that I had to explain everything in detail all 23 times on the phone with them.  They had stated I was never reachable, and that amazon had never called to setup a replacement or return.  However, my phone is attached to me like a limb, and on two occasions I was on the phone with amazon while they contacted Amana.  If you get a good dishwasher that is not defective you might not have problems, but if you get one as I did then you will go through the same run around with Amana.  Good luck with that! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 16:59:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17732702	Wheels fell off. Forgot to call until the 2 years on parts expired.  The rack is covered for 5 years but the wheels are not considered part of the rack.Defective parts.  Incredibly slow cycles.  And the drying doesn't work worth a d***,Avoid 	ctress10	10-25-2015 17:04:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
72202186	We bought this dishwasher in February for our vacation home, so it has been run less than a dozen times, but I am ready to replace it.  Most of the new dishwashers are quieter because they've eliminated the food grinder and replaced it with a filter that needs periodic cleaning.  Since I didn't want any part of cleaning a filter, I opted for the Samsung with the food grinder.  However, the one thing I failed to notice was that it didn't have a heating element to dry the dishes (which helps explain its Energy Star rating), so if you don't open the dishwasher immediately after it finishes you have to hand dry everything.  What's the point in having a dishwasher??  I didn't experience the dirty dishes issue of many of the other reviewers until this past weekend.  A large part of the problem with dishes not coming clean is due to the fact that there are no move phosphates in consumer dishwashing detergents.  I don't normally have that problem as I use commercial-grade detergent that has phosphates in it and everthing comes out great in the 10-year-old Kenmore dishwasher that I have at home. This past weekend I had the Samsung loaded to capacity and everthing came out dirty.  I ran it again with twice as much detergent and still had to hand wash everything!  This machine is JUNK with a capital J! When you read reviews of anything you can always find one or two people that are unhappy with the product, but when everyone has a problem, there's something wrong with the product.  If I could give it less than 1 star I would.  You've been warned! 	ctress10	10-25-2015 17:04:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
42198505	This is a nice dishwasher for those with limited kitchen space. The diswasher itself has more room than my previous unit. The only drawbacks that I have noticed are 1) the full wash cycle is a little long--about 1hr, 15min... 2) read the instructions on operating, not complicated just a little different.So far I have been very happy with it, I would recomend it if you're thinking about a countertop diswasher. -JM 	ctress10	10-25-2015 17:04:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
86698258	All I wanted was a dishwasher that would wash, rinse and dry a normal cycle. My other dishwashers  have always had so many choices that I never, ever used. Just something more to go wrong. This dishwasher is very basic and does an excellent job of washing the dishes. I agree with the review stating the silverware compartment is very small, but I took their advice and saved my compartment from my last dishwasher and it fit beautifully and now I have lots of room for silverware. I'm very happy with my purchase. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 17:04:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88405234	This was a nice dishwasher.  It had a nice clean design was quiet and cleaned well.  After about a year and half the membrane buttons became completely unresponsive.  A review of other complaints on the internet will show this is not an uncommon problem and can be a problem with either the buttons themselves or the control unit - neither of which is cheap to replace.  It does get annoying when an Internet handyman acknowledges the problem right away but the Maytag service number acts like they have no idea. 	ctress10	10-25-2015 17:04:24	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73756847	My wife refused to buy any dishwasher that required you to manually clean the filter.  Life is too short to mess with that.  Also, we wanted a dishwasher that provided a simple, thorough 1 hour cycle.  (Yes, it actually uses a little more water and power than a longer cycle, but we don't care.)  And we wanted one that was quiet.  This Kitchenaid fit the bill and comes at a nice price for an upscale brand.  We've had it for over a month and it's worked great!  The dishes come out clean and the machine is very quiet, even with the self-cleaning filter.  As some folks have pointed out at other sites the buttons are sensitive and if you brush against them you can activate them. BUT all you've got to do is press the Control Lock button and no worries. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:05:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
62455868	I was skeptical about ordering this. But pleasantly surprised the first time I used it. Cleans well although it does take a long time 1.5 hours. It leaked one time, but that was due to a connection that became loose. If you do a check of all connections each and every time, no problems! Glad I bought it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:05:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
16634765	We've purchased Bosch appliances for the qualityreputation; however, I echo the reviews commentingon the poor customer service and add to thata website that is difficult to navigate.  It makesme wonder if a company is actually of high quality whenthe rep is rude. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:05:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
61925074	Bought this dishwasher and it doesn't hold much. What it does hold it doesn't was well and it's loud! We previously had a 6 year old kitchenaid that washed better, held more and you couldn't hardly hear it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:05:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	size, noise, cleanliness	true
30996472	What can I say?  I have accidentally (forgot to look) purchased 3 house lacking dishwashers - current one included.  I have a home operated business and finally said again - I need a dishwasher if I'm going to really keep up with the house.  This unit does everything it claims to do and is every bit as efficient as a built-in or floor model portable.  The types of items and sizes of items is incredible - the description of 6 place setting of dishes does not begin to touch its abilities.  My only complaint, if it can be called that, is that the kitchen sink is unusable as long as the dishwaster is attached so if you need water for the coffee pot make sure to draw it before starting the dishes. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:05:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	inconvenience complaint	true
56405580	I bought this machine because I had great success with a fridge through Frigidare. Unfortunately the top rack plastic coating began to peel away revealing the metal coils underneath. I called customer support and explained since it had not been a year at that point and they didn't want to replace it. They said it was a cosmetic defect! Was really ridiculous considering I bought a more expensive model thinking it would last for years. I can't believe that Frigidaire doesn't back up their machines. It is clearly a defect in workmanship the plastic should never be coming off that soon. I have never seen a machine and my last dish washer was 10 years old. They said the best they could do is sell me another rack for 70.00!!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:17:08	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	cosmetic complain/defect	true
21376188	I bought this dishwasher May 1st and it broke within 10 days.  It took three weeks to have someone from Samsung come out to fix it.  When the Samsung repair man FINALLY arrived on June 8th, I was told the water pump in the unit was faulty and that I would need to hire someone to remove the unit before he would fix it and then I would have to hire someone else to reinstall it.  Customer service at Samsung was not helpful.  I was on on the phone twice with them for more than an hour and their only solution was to send another repairman with no guarantees he would remove and reinstall the unit once it was fixed.  TERRIBLE. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:17:08	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	installation and repair complaint	true
48125850	We purchased this Sansung dishwasher and completely regret it. It simply does not work. It doesn't clean dishes very well and does not dry them at all. We ran the dishwasher and didn't open it until 2 days later. The dishes were soaking wet. We're in the process of trying to return it. Buyer beware! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:17:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, time	true
30814183	In less than 2 years this dishwasher has croaked. The sump pump assembly needs to be replaced at a cost of about $350!  Kitchen Aid is willing to do nothing. I have had several other dishwashers and none has been this unreliable. Stay away from this product! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:17:08	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	reliability/didn't last long complaint	true
78394300	STAY AWAY FROM THIS PIECE OF JUNK, IT'S SO CHEAPLY MADE, THE FRONT DOOR STAINLESS PANEL IS ABOUT AS THIN AS A SODA CAN! AND THEY DON'T EVEN MAKE A REPLACEMENT, IT DOESN'T DRY UNLESS YOU USE THE 3HR WASH CYCLE  DON'T FORGET THE JET DRY!I WAS PROMISED SERVICE FROM THE 2ND DAY, REPORTED THEM B.B.B., US SAFETY DEPT, IT STARTED TO BUILD UP MOISTURE IN THE DISPLAY, THEN STEAM CAME BILLOEWING OUT OF MY OAK CABINETS WHILE ON SANITARY DRY, WARPING,DE-LAMINATING THE INSIDES, RUINED OUR ENTIRE KITCHEN, LUCKILY NO CHILDREN WERE NEAR IT WHEN IT STARTED BLOWING STEAM! BE FOR-WARNED  CAREFULL, LOOK TO ANOTHER ! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:17:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, cheap materials, steam complaints	true
30733991	I have been waiting a dishwasher in our tiny rental house for a long time but was afraid to purchase one.  This is tiny but it gets the job done.  Make sure you look at the diagram on how to load the dishwasher and you will have no issues. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
19331386	It is 3 days before Thanksgiving and I have just been informed that my $2000.00 dishwasher, needs a $980.00 replacement part.  Six years ago when I purchased this very expensive, top of the line dishwasher I was assured the dishwasher would be under the counter  for 20 years because of the quality and reliability of the product.  Miele only provides a two year warranty  so this should of been a tip off that  the reliability claim was just hype. One year ago, I  had to call for service (not my first service call for this dishwasher)  because one corn kernel got stuck in  the float  making the machine inoperable. Don't buy Miele it's the equivalent a very expensive,  tempermental sports car for your kitchen, looks great  but you'll spend a fortune just keeping it on the road, or you can just stand next to the the pretty, big name product it just won't be operable!The warranty is poor for the price and supposed quality. The customer service is lousy. They have a small operation in Princeton NJ, with limited staff. I am angry, but when visiting the repair shop,  I stumble upon  another Miele dishwasher owner. She keeps a Kosher kitchen and has TWO dishwashers about the same age as mine and same expensive La Perla model,  both are broken with expensive repairs. She is also fighting with Miele to get some reasonable solution as a yet to no avail. DON'T BUY A MIELE DISHWASHER! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:20:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	unspecified component, but definitely a component "$980 replacement part", also float defect,  unreliable complaint	true
87412825	We've had this dishwasher now for 3 months.  I hate it, because I can't fit in our salad bowls. tupperware or most of our glasses.  It will hold 4 Tervis drinking glasses in the upper rack - we use about 10 a day.  My daily choices are to wash half my dishes by hand or to run the dishwasher twice to three times a day.  So much for saving water and time.  Do not buy this dishwasher. Do the Germans eat on little teeny tiny dishes and drink from itsy bitsy glasses? Do they not use tupperware or pasta plates or salad bowls or wine glasses?  We can't afford to just buy another one and get rid of this one, so we are stuck with a major appliance that is a major headache.  Seriously, please don't make the same mistake that we did (we went by the Consumer Reports recommendations - and I am annoyed with those people, too), and actually take a few of your daily dishes with you when you go to buy a dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	size complaint	true
33358694	I've had this dishwasher for about a month, and I absolutely love it. And to get a stainless steel machine with the snob appeal of the Bosch name for only $865 (what I paid on Amazon), is just amazing.My notes:* While it is not, as many reviewers have said, so quiet that I cannot hear it running, it is still the quietest dishwasher I have ever (barely) heard. And if I am more than 7 feet away from the machine, I cannot hear it at all.* When you run the machine for the first time, make sure it is more than half full. Otherwise, you'll have soap streaks running down your dishes afterwards (and think you got one of those defective Bosch machines). Other than my first load of dishes, I've had no complaints about the machine's cleaning or rinsing. Also, I've been using Cascade power packs, with great results.* I don't understand the complaints about the utensil baskets being too far back on the bottom rack. Now really, how hard is it to simply pull out the bottom rack to get the utensils out?* Although the tines are very close together on the bottom rack, I've had no problem fitting my dishes between them, and my dishes aren't particularly flat.* The third rack, on the very top, is wonderful for knives, spatulas, etc. Having that third rack saves a ton of space on the middle rack.* My only real complaint: why doesn't the machine display the time remaining in the cycle? That would be very helpful. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:20:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
53939743	2.5 years from new, HE error indicating sump heater problem: replaced heater element, failed again. All indications are main control unit (PCB) may be faulty, which will result in another $200 outlay, plus another $40 heating element. If this appliance had delivered ten years of faultless service, I might be more forgiving, but if our experience is an indication of reality, run/don't walk away from this POS. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 17:20:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliability complaint, heating element, main control unit defects	true
72798188	Have had our FP Paykel double drawer dishwasher for well over two years now and continue to enjoy it.  We had read all the negative reviews then and decided to go ahead and install one.  Initially had a problem with the upper unit not starting consistently (very annoying) - until the second repairman immediately identified the problem.  It hadn't been installed properly - not leveled and no screws into the cabinet frame.  Once he corrected these it has run perfectly since.  Incidentally, no charges at all since it was under warranty.The larger, upper drawer makes loading and unloading so much easier and I can place every platter or bowl I have into it.  Lower one is slightly smaller.  Very pleased with its cleaning ability, too.  We find it very quiet - unaware it's on until I check the light.So, don't understand all the negative reviews.  We're about to redo a kitchen in another house we've bought and are planning a FP Paykel for it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:21:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
46101192	it was delivered on time and installed easy enough. its just filling in a hole in the cabinets, too clean the dishes we just do them the old fashion way, waste of money 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:21:39	No Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29772588	The worst dishwasher ever!  We have owned it 1.4 years and have had at least 5 service repair calls. Our newest issue is the top rack rack is completely broken. The dishes are never clean and the pump already broke once. It is horrible. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:21:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Doesn't state what is exactly wrong with it	false
54982764	**UPDATE***April 1, 2008Still washing a year later!**UPDATE***March 23, 2007Still incredibly happy with this machine.  Have it on the stainless steel rolling cart that is the perfect size.  A great solution to a small kitchen and a sink full of dishes!I just got this dishwasher yesterday, so I will update this review if things go horribly wrong!  Installation was easy -- the hard part was replacing my fancy kitchen faucet with a standard one to accommodate the attachment hose required (but that's a different story).Within 15 minutes my friend and I had it up on my narrow counter (note that the legs of the machine are spaced at about 18 wide and 15 deep, and it's also a bit shy of the 19 depth stated in the specs), hoses tightened, faucet adaptor screwed in, and dishes loaded.  I was able to fit in quite a bit of stuff -- but I doubt that my larger dinner plates will fit, since they are significantly oversized.  But I usually just use my salad plates, as they are oversized as well.With much excitement, I turned on the water and pressed the power button.  And away it went!  When it was done (maybe 40 minutes???) everything was clean except for the two coffee mugs that had been sitting with coffee for several days (ring of coffee that I had to wipe off).  Oh, and there was a little chunk of salsa on the plate that had sat out overnight and dried.  I wanted to test this little guy with some really dirty dishes.  It passed.  Oh, and there was no water leaking from any part of the machine, so apparently we did a good job of tightening the hoses.  So after dinner and more dirty dishes, I ran it again before going to bed.  So nice to not have a sink full of dirty dishes!Overall, the machine is not tiny, but not huge.  I will be buying a rolling cart to keep in on.  I only have about 4 feet of counter space, so the goal is to free up the area that was used for drying dishes.  It is also fairly quiet -- no louder than a traditional dishwasher (except for the water draining into the sink).So, overall, I am very happy with my purchase.  Since it only uses 3 gallons of water, I think I will be using less water than hand washing.  And it also has a 1-year guarantee, so that gives me some piece of mind.  Oh, and the best thing... It's silver.I ordered thru [...] and it arrived quickly and in perfect condition.  So if you're debating over a countertop model, and are willing to add a slightly odd looking contraption to your kitchen, I'd say give it a shot. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:21:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
2391650	The door handle is not really a handle, but just curved area where you pull to open door. It is the plastic part across the top front where the buttons are located. The major flaw is that over time, four years for us, it cracks in both directions. You likely won't see the cracks until they get long because they are under the bottom edge, in both directions from handle area. Costs $130 for the cheap plastic part, called facia panel. I guess Bosch engineering is not very good. I will no longer buy anything from Bosch. It's Bosch's loss because we are shopping for new stove and refrigerator too. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:21:39	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73469710	This LG dishwasher has not worked properly since I bought it.  A warranty repair was done in November of 2009 as the dishwasher did not drain.  The dishwasher is not draining again.  I have made several phone calls to LG attempting to get another warranty repair.  LG staff has informed me that they cannot get anyone in my area to come and repair the dishwasher and asked that I provide the purchase receipt and they will exchange it for a new one.  It is pretty stupid for Home Depot to sell LG dishwashers in Northern California with a one year warranty when they do not have repair companies to service them.  Save your money do not by LG products, they are junk! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:23:44	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
70900165	This unit arrived damaged (dented and with wheels broken). So far we have been waiting for replacement wheels and haven't received them. If things change, I will add an addendum to the review. I still don't know if the unit actually works, since I haven't been able to use it yet.Addendum (some months later):The unit, even with the wheels was damaged; something I hadn't seen before. I changed my rating from 1 to 2 stars because eventually I was able--not without quite some difficulty--to have it returned. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:23:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82311702	We have had zero problems with this dishwasher. Once I cleared out space under the counter for it the installation was actually really easy. The #34;normal#34; cycle can be a bit long but it beats standing over the sink washing by hand every night. The wife loves it and we are very satisfied, just make sure you keep rinsing out the filters! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:23:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
91359765	I am completely baffled by the positive reviews on this product.  First and foremost you must wash the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher or every small food particle will remain.  Second, the flexible tines are about the most frustrating thing I've ever dealt with - the constantly fall over while loading your dishes.DO NOT BUY.  I have a second house and the Bosch 300 is a far superior product for the same price! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:23:44	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34467892	Small but perfect for the space I have available. Works great, very quiet. Some reviewers said they needed another faucet part to put the adapter on but I didn't have any trouble at all. Good qualily for the price. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:23:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28689651	After about 2 weeks with the dishwasher, which, as a side note, is not technically allowed in my apartment building, my partner and I are very pleased. We are still experimenting with the best arrangement so all of the dishes are washed equally well (a few have not come out clean). It is very quiet and easy to use. It holds a fairly large amount of dishes, though you must be careful about where everything is placed. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:26:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88553160	Works just like a normal dishwasher but you plug it onto your faucet.  The quick-connect style faucet end they provide makes this a breeze.  The 'sani-clean' mode uses a heating element to make the water hotter than comes out of your faucet which seems to really help in cleaning off dishes with caked on food.  It can't get all caked on food off, it is a very small dishwasher after all, but it does it's job well and I am super happy to not be washing utensils, bowls, plates, and cups. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:26:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23589030	Dishwasher didn't work. Seller refused to help. Bosch authorized service took 2 weeks to come. Two parts were faulty. Could not return, I no longer wanted this brand - had to have fixed. Maybe I got a lemon but the dealer and Bosch are terrible to deal with. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:26:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	I don't know what "didn't work"means	false
86398893	Do not buy.  I bought one and about 6 mo after purchasing it, the buttons stopped working.  It also never fully drains the water out so now you have old stale water sitting in the bottom for the next wash.  Avoid Maytag.  I should have read the comments on google before buying. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:26:09	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Don't buy Maytag.	false
38652786	Have had the dishwasher 3 years now. The door leaked 3 times in the first year, all covered by warranty. It takes 5 - 10 days for each in home repair. Since warranty ended the door leaked again, and an internal hose leaked flooding the kitchen floor. Both of these repairs I paid for, around $100 each. Today the control panel smells like it burnt up, and the unit stopped running. That part looks like it is covered under warranty, but the labor will not be. Looks like it is time to part ways with this, as I feel like I am tossing good money after bad.As far as performance, the best thing about the unit, it looks great, and is super quiet when running. The racks don't load very well compared to a Maytag. The dishes don't always dry.Conclusion: Add LG to the list of banned household appliances, just not made to last. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:26:09	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
42800009	Having logged over four hours, listening to promises (not kept), transferred to various folk, and had the dishwasher costing about $1K new, down for over a month, charged $125. to be told they want over$205. (for the part) more to fix it, when it is only 2 years old, and another week or more to get the part. I'm done. I was told point blank that Samsung would pay for the part. When I called back. I was told they wouldn't. The Samsung designated service company took over two weeks just to call me to set up an appointment. When they finally came. They collected a credit card amount for $125. for inspection and the part needed. The part was ordered by the company. Their guy came out (after they had called to cancel or reschedule twice), and said it was the wrong part. He needed another 2 bills with Ben Franklin on the face. for the new right part.it's cheaper to throw it away than deal with Samsung.The repairman said Samsung electronics don't hold up. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:30:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
20258732	We have had this dishwasher for about a year and a half, and love how quiet it is, and how good it looks.  As other reviewers have noted, there are several crippling design flaws that make me wish we had purchased a different unit:- Cheap plastic components break off and get sucked into the food disposal, but are never fully ground up, and create a terrible buzzing noise when the unit is draining.  The upper shelf has an adjustable height, but ours is not adjustable anymore, since the clips used for the adjustment have broken into unusable pieces.- Circuit board design is flawed; read the other reviews for the details, but going outside to flip the breaker multiple times per day to get the unit to turn on was tiring.Even after a service call to replace the circuit board and remove the plastic parts from the drain 6 months ago, our new circuit board is displaying error codes and not allowing the dishwasher to function.  Frustrating. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:30:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59131476	It works well.  It's a little louder than your average dishwasher but not obnoxious.  Washes the dishes very well as long as the dishes are arranged properly.  I'm happy with the product.  Good value for the $$$ 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:30:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45147546	We have had our dishwasher since Dec 2010 and from day one have had problems with it.We have had many problems with it - One being the computer board needing replacement as it was blowing our breaker after each use.  Secondly, the the rack adjuster clips broke off and fell into the pump making the dishwasher extremely noisy.  In this case the pump and the rack adjuster were replaced.  We have had our rack adjusters replaced three times now and once again they are broken.  Luckly we've noticed the broken piece before it went into the pump which damages the pump and requires replacement of the pump.  There are many other complaints i.e. bottom tray falls of track, the wheels on bottom tray come off often, bad odour etc etc.Definitely a design flaw.I am disappointed of the poor quality of this product and poor customer service Sumsang offers.  Most of the time they ignore your emails.This dishwasher is a LEMON, no doubt about that. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:30:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19075460	We have owned this for about one month now - could not be more pleased.It was very well packed, arriving intact.  Shipping was expedient.  Assembly was a breeze.It runs quieter than expected.  We bought a rolling shelf unit w/ locking wheels on it for placement - our apartment kitchen is too small (living in Brooklyn) for other options.  Each use requires us to 1) plug the unit to power outlet  2)  hook-up the hose - easy and quick.There are only two of us so this is a good size for us.  By the time we put all the day's dishes (breakfast and dinner) into it, there is not room for pots/pans - but it is not a problem to do just a few items each evening.  It is great always having a kitchen area clean and everything put away.This purchase so far has been very good.  I bought it expecting to be disappointed - that has not happened.  It has lived up to its billing.  If it lasts for a couple of years, then it could be one of my best purchases. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:30:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68964371	First, I replaced an old Bosch that sounded like a freight train was in my house when it ran.Second, the price went up almost $200 since we ordered this a few weeks ago.Third, I had immediate buyers remorse because I was unsure if it has a power cord or not.  I called the seller and spoke to a dude who said it must be hard wired, that Bosch and all manufacturers stopped including power cords (wall plug in) because no one installs them that way, and that I could easily wire it on my own.  I noted that my existing Bosch was wired as described, so I reasoned the new one would be no different.  I appreciated his candor and talking me out of buying a wall plug.Fourth, the delivery person showed up with a big hydraulic lift that could only take the machine to my front porch stoop. The dude did not have a way to get it in the house and was surprised I expected him to take it all the way in and that I wanted to inspect it for damage ... I have my own hand truck and he helped me get it in and unpack it.  I thought the advertised deal stated they would do that.  Oh well, no big deal, but if my wife had been home, she would have been clueless.Fifth, the seller was wrong about the wiring.  It comes with its own junction box and cord in the back that must be mounted external to the alcove the machine goes in.  You take your own wire and connect it in ... super simple to do, but I thought I could place it behind the machine ... wrong, the junction box is too wide to do that.  Unfortunately for me, I have huge drawers between the dishwasher and kitchen sink and the cord is so short I would have been really bumming.  Fortunately, the space between the back of the drawer and wall is wide enough to secure the junction box and all is good.  I still had to drill huge 2.5#34; holes through the walls to get the cords and hoses through ... really no big deal, I happen to have the equipment.Sixth, water supply line they include it super long and easily reached the hot water supply.  I was able to eliminate a daisy chain of flex pipe from the old machine.  The drain hose was not as long, or rather, my garbage disposal is even further away, so I used some of the old drain tubing because there is a minimum height requirement the hose must be from the cabinet floor.  Again, my setup must not be typical with those drawers in the middle.Seventh point, it is not silent because the sink drains are open.  I can hear the drains gurgling away when water is being flushed, but the machine itself is very quiet.  Even in daylight that big red dot is lit on my kitchen floor to tell me it is running.  I've found when I have anything else on and the drain is not gurgling, I really can't tell it is on.  I've already made the mistake once of opening it despite the light being on because I was sure it was not working.  It was in fact running.  I was again unsure yesterday and put my ear up against the door to hear it running.Eighth and final point, the dishes do come out really clean.  I have not read the manual yet.  I just have it set to Auto and hit Start.  I'm sure it does more, but I really only want a machine that cleans the dishes and is quiet.  Plus the stainless steel finish and hidden controls make it super sleek. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:32:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56397926	I got saddled with a kitchenaid dishwasher when I bought a new condo.  In less than a year the soap dispenser  was leaking like a sieve for both the detergent and the clear rinse.  Good luck getting a warranty repair with these idiots.  The product can't clean for love or money, even on it's 'heavy duty' mode.  The design is idiotic as well- the control buttons are ON TOP of the door, making them completely hidden if you have any kind of an overhang on your countertop.This is an awful product in design and execution.  Based on this experience, why would ANYONE buy a kitchenaid dishwasher? 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:32:34	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
19172378	This thing paid for itself ten times over in the time I saved not washing dishes. It has a few quirks to it, but once you master it's use, it becomes a life saver. One key thing is to have water that gets very hot coming out of your tap. If you do not get hot water out of your tap, this item will probably not work great for you. It has a built in heater, but it's not very powerful, so if you only have luke warm water filling the machine, your dishes will not get very clean. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:32:34	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83698548	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 9 year old Frigidaire unit.  There was nothing really wrong with the old one but the rack tines were splitting and starting to rust quite a bit.  Instead of spending the $125 for new racks, we decided to freshen up the kitchen a bit with a new unit instead (we've already installed a new fridge and stove, so it made sense to update the dishwasher as well).  Our only real requirements for the new unit were that we wanted stainless steel finish, that the unit had a rounded stainless handle, hidden controls, and a stainless tub.  This unit met our needs and the price was right ($619 at HD w/ free shipping - some of the online retailers had it a bit cheaper but I wasn't comfortable with their return policies in the event that we had an issue -- HD is right up the road if I have a problem).  I got the recommended GE install kit for $10 which included a new braided water supply line, brass elbow and a pair of pipe fittings (which I didn't need for my install).  I've never installed a dishwasher before but had no problems installing this one but note I was simply installing it into an existing location and not doing a complete install.  The installation instructions were clearly written and easy to follow.  I will say to make sure that you check for level on both the side to side and also the front to back to avoid leaking (I think if you have it adjusted with the rear tilted too high the front door can leak on the bottom).  We've run several washes though the new machine now.  We don't tend to put dirty dishes in the dishwasher, so I really can't say how it is for cleaning caked or baked on dirt.  I'm still getting used to the new racks and figuring out the best way to position our dishes to optimize the load.  The unit is very quiet - not so much so that I can't tell that it's running, but it is noticeably quieter than our older Frigidaire unit.  The fit and finish is quite nice.  The side mounts are nice since we have granite counter tops and can't use the top mounts with the granite.  The only thing that we question is how can the stainless steel front door not hold a magnet?  My kids discovered this trying to put a magnet from our refrigerator onto the new dishwasher and it wouldn't stick.  Is the door steel or not?  Our stainless stove and fridge facades both hold a magnet, why not the dishwasher?  I'll be sure to update my review as we use the dishwasher more. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:32:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
15365017	I have a 2004 PDW Ge Profile with hidden top controls. The logic circuit failed earlier this year. We had to pay several hundred dollar for a GE certified tech to diagnose and replace the board. The controls failed less than a year later. They will not replace the board until we pay for 1) technician house call, and 2) diagnostic labor. After which GE will send a replacement board and then we will have to pay for 1) technician house call again and 2) installation labor. We could have bought a new dishwasher with the cost of these two repairs.Now we just received a Dishwasher recall due to fire hazard ([...]) stating that water condensation can drip onto the electronic control board causing a short circuit... resulting in fire hazard to consumers. GE will only install a water barrier as part of the recall fix. They will not fix any control boards unless they actually catch on fire. Never mind that the control board failure was most like to the same design problem to recall is supposed to fix.Do NOT buy GE appliances. I had similar bad experience with our 2004 GE over the range profile microwave. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:32:34	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58805971	Samsung should be ashamed of this product. I know I would be. Here's why:1 - It will not dry plastic, ever.2 - Drain will get clogged and render the dishwasher useless, multiple times. You will become your technician's best friend because you will see him every time it is clogged and needs to be cleaned out. Mind you it is not an easy task to clean out the drain (sounds simple, but not).3 - Doesn't clean dishes well, simple as that.4 - Cycles take an unreasonable amount of time - hours.On the plus side, it is very quiet. That being said, it will be just as quiet and do the same job if you didn't turn it on at all.Shame on you Samsung, this product has made me question the quality of your brand. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:35:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
31449857	This machine is amazing. My husband and I have the slightly older model, with a dial instead of buttons-- but everything else is exactly the same. Bought it for $300+ (Canadian) and we tell people all the time, it was the best $300 we ever spent, totally worth it, and it saved our marriage. We both HATE doing dishes by hand  we don't have room for a larger portable dishwasher in our small Vancouver apartment.We've had this Lil' Danby Countertop Dishwasher That Could since 2006, and we run *at least* 1 load of dishes EVERY DAY-- often we run up to 3 loads per day. It still works just as great at the day we bought it.We love this machine and would immediately and happily buy another one in a heartbeat if ours was to die a sudden death. It has worked hard for us on a daily basis for 5 years and we're very grateful.The outer plastic casing has developed a crack in it, but this does not affect the performance of the machine. The most fragile part to be careful of is the faucet hookup mechanism. Be gentle when unhooking the hose from the tap. On our model the spring popped out, and we had to re-order this replacement part (it was a loooong week while waiting for the replacement piece!) but it was an easy $30 fix, and worth every cent. That was 3 years ago.No problems have occurred since we learned how to treat our Danby's faucet attachment piece with tender loving care. It washes our dishes daily  gives us more time to cuddle up and watch TV, which is much more fun than getting prune hands. We love our Danby! 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:35:52	No Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49617979	bought this dishwasher because no room for a full sized one. does a really good job very quiet and lots of different settings. only bad thing is trying to hide hoses when not in use. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:35:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
83919646	The drawer rack is cheap and broke after about a years use. I would not recommend wasting your money on this item. 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:35:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
56035630	When we had some renos done, we decided it was time to replace our old dishwasher. The salesperson at Sears expounded on the qualities of this dishwasher, and told us it was the best on the market, and that the repairmen all agreed it was the least problematic. We, happily, purchased this dishwasher, and that's about the last moment of happiness we've had where this piece of junk is concerned. Right from the beginning, it didn't, properly, wash, or dry, our dishes, and within a few months the tabs which hold the upper rack in place, broke and had to be replaced at $20.00 a pop. Soon after, the water level sensor went, and it was replaced, then it went again, and a week or two ago, it began to show the error message for the water sensor AGAIN! Finally, it quit, altogether, and gave us another error message. By that point, I was looking for a stick of dynamite! This dishwasher is less than three years old, so my bottom line advice would be: run as fast as you can to another brand of dishwasher! 	agilay	10-25-2015 17:35:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
88902710	i purchased this unit because i wanted to buy an american product and i wanted to buy a kitchenaid product. whirlpool makes kitchenaid, kenmore, whirlpool, maytag, etc. when the installers came it took very little time to install. but here is the problem: this machine is not designed to be flush with your cabinets. the reason is that there is a vent on the side of the door, so during the heated wash cycle and dry cycle, steam will pummel the inside of your cabinets if it is not installed properly. and even when installed properly, it still shoots steam into the cabinet faces. i did a lot of research on dishwasher venting, and came to the conclusion that i wanted a machine that shoots the steam out the front. so i returned the kitchenaid...no mold for me, thank you. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:38:28	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
34554290	We have owned this dishwasher for over two years and have never had one single problem with it.  We did buy it refurbished, so I feel like we got an even better deal given how incredible this thing works.  The features are plentiful, however we usually just use Normal setting.  Dishes come out clean.  We use Finish tablet soap as well as Finish Rinse Aid.I am writing this review because I stumbled on this product here on Amazon and noticed the low rating.  Baffled, I started reading and was disappointed to see so many people have had problems.  I feel like our experience was different enough to warrant contributing to the opinions collected here.In 2010 many states banned the use of phosphates in consumer dishwashing detergent.  This seems to have resulted in a mass of negative reviews on dishwashers, however in our case, despite being in a state that has banned phosphate, we continue to have excellent results with this dishwasher.  We have also not had any electrical parts fail.We also own an LG gas range and it has been reliable and trustworthy as well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:38:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46235628	I've only had this Bosch dishwasher for a month so it might be a little premature to rate it, but I am extremely happy with it. For five years I had a different brand dishwasher from which the glasses came out dirtier than when they went in. This dishwasher does what it's supposed to - clean dishes!I'm still figuring out the best way to load my dishes, but it comes with a very detailed instruction book which gives suggestions.I've only used the auto cycle and the regular wash cycle so far and prefer the auto.Update January 2013: It is still doing a great job - dishes, pots, and glasses come out very clean. My only complaint is the small capacity and the difficulty trying to put it large bowls; they don't fit in efficiently, taking up a lot of space. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:38:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45437646	I had no washer in the house and my kitchen is small.  So creatively, I put the dishwasher in the other room  let the hoses connect to the faucet right around the door.  The machine does the trick...or as well any regular dishwasher if you put it on a full cycle. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:38:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
66316616	My hubby and I bought this dishwasher (as part of the whole Frigidare Pro-Series set) in '08 when we did a major kitchen remodel.  I have loved it since the moment we received it and have not had a single problem with it --so have been surprised by the low ratings!  The appliance is beautiful and works great.  It was even easy to install --we did it ourselves.  My favorite feature is the hidden buttons.  Keeps the appliance looking sleek and my curious toddler can't find the buttons to play with them.  I also love the different wash/dry levels.  It's a fairly good size, too, and with the adjustable top rack, can fit some fairly large dishes on the bottom rack. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:38:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28512738	shipped in two days, but after opening the box noticed the sick adopter was broken. emailed the company and they sent out a new adoptor with in the week.  hooked it all up and it works great. cycle time is a bit long, but it's super quite.  (tip: turn on hot water and let it run hot before connecting dish washer before each wash.) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:40:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54065091	Overall it is a great item. However...The dishwasher says that it is a countertop dishwasher, but it is too tall for the countertop. You will need to buy a kitchen cart in order to have room for it. Make sure that the cart has wheels on it so that you can roll it over to the sink when you would like to do dishesIt says that you have a dry cycle, but you really do not. It is vented dry, which is a fancy way to say air dry. This also means that the inside of the dishwasher always has beads of water throughout it.It washes the dishes perfectly, but it can be a challenge to fit everything into it.I have not found any defects. :)The set up is annoying. This is simply, because the dishwasher does not come with a full set of instructions. The hose will not attach to every sink at first. You do NOT have to buy an extra attachment. Instead there is a piece that you need to remove on the end of the hose, which allows for you to attach it to your sink. The people at Home Depot can explain it better than me. :)Basically, for the amount of money this is good for a family of 1-2 people. I do not suggest it if you have more than 3 people in your family. If you do not mind buying a kitchen cart, and air/towel drying your dishes... it is a great dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:40:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79780264	Our old dishwasher was so bad it doesn't even make sense to compare them. We've had this one for about 4 months and love it. The best part is that it just gets the dishes clean. We don't pre-rinse. We just load it up and run it when it's full. The Auto cycle gets about 98% of our dishes clean that way. Sometimes I'll run the most serious cycle if I think it might be warranted.Other pluses are that it's very quiet and the top rack is very easy to adjust for height. And I was excited to get one that uses less water and electricity. I think this model is a huge bargain for the price.My only complaint is that the door could feel sturdier. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:40:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
78017293	We had a Bosch and Miele. Both were fine units, but I did not like the lack of an internal garbage disposal in them.The KitchenAid has worked flawlessly for us. It cleans well. And the features are sufficient (good choice of cycles, and easy to load/unload).There are some other reviews that mention the noise level. Ours is silent. But I believe that is because of the cabinet it is in. The quality of the surrounding cabinet is as much a factor of the noise as the unit itself. The noise from the front is minimal. And I have opened the unit while it was running by mistake thinking that it was done. So it can be 'very' quiet when installed with proper insulation around it.My only regret is that we did not get the model with the cutlery rack on top. I would like to have purchased the model with that feature to try it out.Aside from that, the unit runs daily (sometimes two loads a day), as we have 5 kids and they invite many friends over... So the unit gets a good workout and has kept us happy.Again, I don't have anything bad to say about the Bosch and Miele units, other than they did not have the internal garbage disposal unit. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:40:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65064298	Our original dishwasher wouldn't turn on after just two weeks of use.  We had an electrician come, changed the power strip and everything.  Samsung customer service had us jump through hoops to get the replacement - very slow response.  We finally got the replacement dishwasher, and now after just 6 months of use, the replacement dishwasher is doing the same thing. It doesn't turn on. Even though Samsung still has our original ticket from the first replacement on file, they are making us jump through hoops again.  We're never buying another Samsung product again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:40:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	It doesn't turn on... So the whole thing is defective	false
74886859	We purchased the high-end, stainless steel dishwasher with all the great features, and quiet.  It was installed by the appliance company and never cleaned the top rack.  After a month or so, it failed out on error codes.  The appliance store ordered the replacement parts from Electrolux and replaced the whole internal workings.  It failed again (it never did clean the top rack, even leaving wet milk droplets inside the cups after a HEAVY scrub cycle!)  The appliance company then had Electrolux replace the entire dishwasher with a new one (this is about 10 months into the purchase).  Guess what, the replacement failed from the first day to clean the top rack - the spinner arm under the top rack would jam against the center bar and couldn't turn a single revolution!  The appliance store replaced that assembly with a floor model parts, and the problem recurred after a month.  I finally fixed the problem myself by purchasing a 35 cent nylon washer and hammering it flat and bushing the upper rack spinner arm.  My fix lasted almost 8 months.Now it has stopped cleaning the top rack again; I can remove the clean dishes and wipe them with my finger to remove the food that was never washed!This was a dishwasher that cost over $1000.  It is suitable only as a hole-filler in the cabinet.  I am washing all my dishes by hand now.Do not spend your money on Electrolux expecting a product that works.Jay 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:47:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82198152	I bought this on the recommendation of my salesperson.  I was originally going to purchase the Bosch Ascenta that had the highest ratings in Consumer Reports, but was lead to this one instead.It was installed today and so far, so good.  My old dishwasher (Kitchenaid) was total garbage.  I had to put some items through 3 times, and still scrub them by hand to get them clean.This one has a few cycle options.  I chose the quick wash cycle which was only 34 minutes.  Everything came out clean on the first round.The installation person told me to use powder detergent and that the Finish tabs I was using were too much.  I broke one in half and it turned out great.Noise level is fine, I LOVE the cycle time on this first try.  My old one went 90 minutes or longer.I'll update again after a week.  I cook a LOT, so this will get some good use and I'll report back.Update 1/19/2013I'm still loving it.  I figured out that the top rack is adjustable for height and now my expensive wine glasses fit.  The shorter timed cycles are great for a quick load of dishes midday.  You DO need to use a rinse aid with it, but that's a small price to pay for great cleaning.  I still recommend it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55231760	so i read the reviews before i ordered this and was a little hesitant because some complained about leakage or it being to big or not enough space inside, but i received mine yesterday, and it took me about an hour to set it up by myself, and it was really easy once i opened the manual and did what it said! its really easy to use also, and if you follow the instructions in the manual and any manual for a dishwasher and clean your dishes off before you put them in then there is no problem with chunks of food being sprayed all over the dishes like others have left in their comments. also, the hard water spots are not the fault of the dishwasher, its the fault of the detergent, so i will be using a better detergent in the future. overall, i would say this is a good product for what i spent on it! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71556493	We bought this dishwasher 4 weeks ago after our Bosch quit after 14 years.  The reviews on the new Bosch dishwashers were so bad I decided to do some searching.  It seems most of the new dishwashers are so efficient with water and energy that they have multiple problems. One complaint about this dishwasher is loading dishes.  It took me a while to figure how but I put my first plate next to the silverware basket and the plates line up well.  There is lots of room for so many more dishes than my Bosch held.  This was one reason I did not want another Bosch.  My Bosch did recommend Finish and it does work so much better that the other brands.  I highly recommend Finish and you must use a rinse aid.  It must be because the water does not get as hot as the Bosch. The only cycle I use is sanitize cycle.  Why not?  Everything dries well with this cycle- even plastics.  Also I would recommend having it installed professionally. The size is a little larger and the service men who installed mine had a difficult time.  The racks roll smoothly also and I can wash taller glasses that my Bosch.  I will continue to post if problems occur.  It is a beautiful dishwasher also-very quite. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76456574	This is the worst GARBAGE you could imagine. Poor product, poor service and poor customer service. If you respect your time and MONEY do not buy anything from Samsung. This is the second dishwaher from Samsung that I had in JUST FOUR MONTHS. First one was defective from the factory, the other one lasted for four months. On a top of that it is loud, poor quality and doesn't clean the dishes. Samsung is so arogant (the only goal that they have is to take your money) and refuses to exchange this very very low quality but expensive product. As I sad, if you respect your time and your money DO NOT BUY SAMSUNG PRODUCTS. Any of them.BTW, I give them one star because I am not able to give them ZERO 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:47:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
26616366	this thing is great for couples! we are a couple living in an small condo. The washer is doing daily/every other day cleaning for us in a great way. it cleans just perfect. I noticed that in the other reviews, they stated 2 downsides of this machine: 1, it does not dry up the dishes after the steaming. 2, it makes some noise. --1st from my point of view, I would like to ask you a question and you find the answer yourself. what is the job for a dishwasher? is it for cleaning your dishes or drying your dishes? I have not used the other brands of the counter top dish washer before. but from the reviews I read on the other brands, customers' major complain were that those dishwasheres did not clean very well!! however, this washer, as far as I know, nobody in the review complained anything about the cleaning work it has done -- which is something essential that a dishwasher should have. If you care about drying, leave the cover open for around 1 hour or so after the washing is done then the dishes are dried... 2nd, noise issue. Well, yeah, i agree that the washer did have a little noise. Then do your microwave oven have noise when it is heating up? every electrical machine has a little noise when it is operating. but I would like to say that the noise from this dishwasher is in the range that is tolerable. At least when I leave it on 12 am at night and go to sleep. I would NOT hear anything at all and sleep pretty well when I just half way close the bedroom door (I am in a 1-bed room apartment and the kitchen is right next to the livingroom/bedroom).what is needed to mention is that, it does not need any complex installation but just need some simple faucet hook up as the instruction. just like you simple clicks on to the faucet and take it off when it is done -- that is how easy it is.anyway, I have been using this for half and year, I love love this washer. it has been saving me so much time. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:51:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83324832	The unit was discontinued right after Consumer Reports reviewed it.  I was able to locate the exact model and have it shipped to me. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:51:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58341708	I have to give this 3 stars due to issues I've had with the dishwasher.  If it was better built, I would give it 4 stars.I purchased this dishwasher 11 months ago and we were very pleased with the results.  It cleans well and is much quieter than our previous dishwasher. When it functions properly, it works very well.  However, I have learned a lot about newer dishwashers and manufacturer's warranty.  I have also found disappointments that come with discretion:Sears Sales Representatives:I had a sales rep that tried very hard to sell me the special Sears warranty for this appliance.  He stressed to me that the manufacturer's warranty does not cover the service/labor charges, only the parts.  The quoted warranty was a little over half of the purchase price of the dishwasher.  I have purchased extended warranties before and have never used them.  I opted out of the Sears extended warranty and left very annoyed.Parts Breaking and the KitchenAid Manufacturer's Warranty:After only owning it for two weeks, the wheels broke off of the top rack on one side, and just a little over a week later, the other side broke.  For loading mainly plastic cups and bowls (we have kids) on the top rack, I was very disappointed.  About a month later, I decided to try and use the manufacturer's warranty, which I have never had to do with any other appliance before and it went very smoothly.  The KitchenAid customer service rep was very pleasant and helpful and sent out the parts to be replaced right away.  We opted to replace the parts ourselves fearing the service call wouldn't be covered in the warranty as the Sears sales representative had stressed to us.After 9 months of owning the dishwasher, the cleaning performance declined rapidly.  We grumbled about the poor ability to clean the dishes and after 10 months, the dishwasher completely stopped cleaning the top rack all together.  Finally at 11 months I had had enough and contacted KitchenAid again.  Just like before, they were very pleasant and respectful and the customer service representative gave me a few ideas to try before they sent out a service technician.  After one week of trying a few suggestions, I called back and without hesitation, they scheduled my dishwasher to be serviced/repaired for the next day.  She also quoted me extended warranty prices for 1-5 years that I was able to take into consideration.The service/repair technician was contracted out through a different company and he was great.  He found the issue, repaired it right away, and talked to me about what usually goes wrong with dishwashers.  In the end, the service call and repair was completely free of charge.  He ended up having to replace the grinder and explained that if the grinder is clogged or broken, it drastically affects the cleaning performance of the dishwasher, and it would have eventually stopped cleaning the top and bottom all together.  He showed me what the charges would have been, had I not had the warranty, and they were more than the 5 year extended warranty that the KitchenAid customer representative had quoted me the day before.  He too went ahead and quoted me extended warranty prices for 1-3 years.  To my surprise, his 3 year quote was more than KitchenAid's 5 year quote.The repair technician discussed with me how most newer dishwashers have many components that frequently break down including the motor, the grinder, the sensors, and the electrical panel -- regardless what brand it is.  He also explained that they are just not as well built as the old dishwashers our grandmothers used for 20-25 years without any problems.The Results and What I Have Learned:After all the chaos and frustration, I still love my dishwasher.I now have a 5 year extended warranty on this dishwasher and feel ease that we will not have to replace it for 5 years, but I won't anticipate it lasting beyond that.Warranties are not equally priced. The direct KitchenAid extended warranty was much cheaper than both Sears and the appliance repair company.  I thought the prices would pretty much be the same, but I was completely wrong.The manufacturer's warranty does cover the actual service call and labor charges.  Make sure you register your appliance so it is on record. Thankfully my husband registered the dishwasher, so everything was on record and I did not need the receipt for the proof of purchase date.Use the warranty.  Yes it takes a few minutes to find the number, model  serial numbers, but in the end it is worth it.Next time I purchase a dishwasher, I may have to factor in the cost of the extended warranty into the purchase price.  In the end, the dishwasher ended up costing as much as my refrigerator, but with a much shorter life span. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:51:51	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58964756	Not for a family. Even if you don't have enough space to get a big one, don't waste your money.I got this one being tired of cleaning my dishes by hand.....I realized it was not worth it.It takes forever to wash, it's SUPER noisy and you can only put few things inside. IF you are a person that cook everytime, forget it, this is not for you. You can only fit: 4 plates, 4 glasses, 4 small plates and the silverware, forget about everything else. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:51:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No	This one is just too small	false
25006211	We have had nothing but troubles with this dishwasher. At the time we remodeled our kitchen in 2010, this model was just coming out as a replacement for previous models. We had to wait a good while; we wish it had NEVER arrived. Error codes, terrible drying, constant need to reset tripped breaker, etc. We bought a counter-depth Samsung Refrigerator and a range with convection oven feature. Both are great! The BEST thing we bought, however, was the 4 year major appliance warranty which, coupled with the one year mfg. warranties, gives us 5 years of protection on said items. I respect Samsung and know they will take care of our dishwasher problem. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:51:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
86353516	We've had this dishwasher for over a year now and it has been spectacular! I love not having to hand wash the dishes. I have had problems when using Jet dry rinse agent. It creates tons of suds but that could be due to our water. I use Lemishine now with no sudsing problems. Also my large dinner plates don't fit upright. I have to put them in on a slant being careful not to block the detergent dispenser. Those are the only two issues I've had and they were both easily fixed. The dishwasher fits perfectly on the counter top near the sink. The water hoses are lonh enough if you don't want to put it directly next to the sink. I love this dishwasher! It's perfect for our apartment. I highly recommend it! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:58:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40589182	On the normal wash mode this washer runs a long time(approx. 2 hrs)  does NOT dry dishes very well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:58:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
37173220	I love this dishwasher. It is quiet. You just hear the washer swishing. As long as I turn on the sanitizer, the dishes come out dry. The interior is smaller than other dishwashers, but I was aware of that and it didn't come as a surprise. We've had it for a month and it runs everyday. My husband installed it with no problem and no previous plumbing experience. It just took him some time. I spent about six months researching dishwashers. I was looking for a machine that was no louder than 50 decibels and a good value. This is the one I found. I am very sensitive to sound and at first I wished I had spent an extra $200 to $300 to get a 47 decibel machine, but now my ears don't even hear the water swishing.This was a purchase from Sears, not Amazon. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:58:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23066360	I never write reviews but I want to save people our agrivation.  The only reason it gets one star is because it is quiet. We bought this dishwasher a year and a half ago and I am now washing dishes by hand.  We bought this dishwasher because of the brand and stainless steel tub.  Hated it the first month due to the small top for glasses.  Now I hate it because it does not clean our dishes.  This is the only dishwasher I have ever had to call a repair company to fix within the first year.  I should have returned it within thirty days.  Save your money and don't buy this dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:58:22	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	"Does not clean the dishes" should be an option	false
17405171	The Haier Countertop Dishwasher works great.  Item is a little bulk to fit on most countertops.  I actually cut a notch out of mine to fit it... :)Cleans pretty grimy dishes, but doesn't fit too much.  As long as you run dishes every day or two it will work great.  Great for college and renting! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 17:58:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52287080	Bought and shipped directly to my Japanese address. I was worried that it would not hook up directly to my Japanese kitchen faucet, had no problems at all (although I had to take channel locks to the adapter to get a good seal, hand tightening was not enough).This thing is awesome, I have no complaints. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:01:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56064989	We were tired of the portable dishwasher.  There are only 2 of us.  Yes, it takes up some counter space, but not nearly as much space as the portable one did non the floor.  We can now walk through our kitchen without any obstacles.  The cleaning power so far is very comparable.  You need to pre rinse for than you do with the portable, but again there are only 2 of us.  It's very quiet does not use a lot of water and holds 2 - 3 days worth of dishes at a time. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:01:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42669157	Broke within 4 months, leaked all over my kitchen floor, luckily I wasn't sleeping.  Punched the s*** out of it, doubt SPT will ever return it or award the warranty. Waste of $200!!!!!!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:01:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
32628370	I purchased this dishwasher in February 2011 based on Kitchenaid's reputation for reliable dishwashers.  Unfortunately, the quality I expected does not exist.  In the past two years, my dishwasher has not gone longer that than 4 months without a problem.  It has needed four new control panels, new upper wheel tracks, and a new pump.  When it is working, the dishes are not completely clean unless I rinse them clean (especially on the top rack).  To make matters worse, the dishwasher vents out the side instead of the front so it has destroyed the finish on my new cabinets.  Kitchenaid's customer service is no help.  Save yourself the aggravation and stay away from Kitchenaid!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:01:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
32675876	Regarding longevity:  we bought our Kenmore Elite in February, 2006 for around $1,000.00  In 2009 we had to replace the motor assembly... just six months after the 3-yr warranty ran out.. another $350.00.  Now the heating element is shot and needs replacing.  There must be better dishwashers out there. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:01:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52206703	Date of Purchase: July 29th 2010._____________________________________________________________Overview--Let's face it, when it comes to appliances, the Germans make damn good stuff. This machine is a dream. It actually cleans my dishes wonderfully.  Imagine that.  Unlike the Whirlpool dishwasher it replaced,  It doesn't leave the dishes cloudy.  It leaves them spotless.  It doesn't leave soap film all over my dishes like my Whirlpool did. It also doesn't throw bits of foods that it washes off the other dishes and redeposit them onto the glasses or other dishes or bake them on after that if I use Sani-Rinse. :\If anyone is wondering  why dishwashers take so long to wash dishes these days, it's because they don't use anywhere near as much water as they used to.  To compensate for this, wash times have been significantly increased.  The USA Federal Government mandates have forced manufacturers that want to sell dishwashers in the country to comply with new stringent water and electricity mising rules. Europeans are used to this and have been manufacturing their dishwashers and clothes washers in an eco-efficient way for decades, but the USA has just recently been forced to catch up.I had complained about our other Whirlpool dishwasher that this Bosch dishwasher replaced for quite some time. It wasn't until I started washing the dishes by hand, that my housemate figured I had had enough with that  awful Whirlpool dishwasher.  I took it upon myself, since I was given the option, to select  the replacement for the old Whirlpool dishwasher (which was only 4 years old actually), so I selected this Bosch dishwasher.Cleaning Performance --What can I say? As I said before, it makes my glassware sparkle like new with no streaks or spot, and dishes are thoroughly cleaned, rinsed and NSF sanitize certified every time. The fact it makes my glassware look so nice is impressive, considering I live in an area that probably has the hardest water in the USA. I don't have a water softener and this particular model doesn't have a salt dispenser.Energy Efficiency -- Rated at 259 kWh/yr...One of the greenest dishwashers you can buy.  What does this mean in real terms? It will cost you approximately $19 a year in operating costs in natural gas and electricity if you have a gas water heater. If you have an electric water heater it will cost about $25 a year in electricity.Water-Efficiency-- Uses about 5.8 gallons of water or less depending on which cycle you choose..Aesthetics-- This dishwasher is distinctively European looking; which isn't a surprise to me since the design and engineering is German.  No bold looks that I can notice and the buttons are just the right size.  It's a very boxy design with the control panel on the front. Hidden controls are not for me because I want to be able to easily tell where the machine is in the cycle.Stainless Steel Tub-- I got the stainless steel tub version. This is mainly a snobbish choice of aesthetics. However the Bosch dishwashers all have stainless steel tubs with the exception of one cheaper model that has plastic on the bottom tub portion only.  Bosch claims that because of their machine design, the stainless steel tub actually helps to dry the dishes. The tub is covered for the life of the dishwasher. The stainless steel tub on our other dishwasher was resistant to stains, but it was not stain proof. I don't know if this tub and liner will be different.Noise Level--What noise? :) LOL!  I think my refrigerator makes more noise than this dishwasher- no joke. Perhaps I'm exaggerating, but it's close competition.  The only thing you can hear when this dishwasher is on is a little bit of water splash noise and a slight hum when the water is being  drained.  At a noise rating of only 47 decibels, it actually seems to be too quiet perhaps?  This Bosch dishwasher is heavily noise insulated, and believe it or not, it's still not the quietest model they make. With thick noise padding, two pumps, and no hard food disposer, it's easy to understand why this machine is very quiet.Cycles  on this machine  seem to be excessive, and perhaps somewhat confusing at times, but I wanted this model because it was what a leading consumer magazine rated the best .  This dishwasher comes with the following standard cycles that also incorporate fuzzy logic technology:Cycle Indication Lights--This dishwasher has buttons  that don't depress much when pushed. They are more like click buttons or click switches. A slight click is all you hear when they are pushed.  There are no knobs. There is a time remaining countdown light and a sanitized indicator light and a light that lets you know when to refill the rinse aid on the front panel. The sanitized light only comes on at the end of the cycle if the dishwasher had to significantly heat up the wash and rinse water.  Sanitation is not a problem. It's standard on this dishwasher. Besides, your dishes are sanitized enough by the sodium hypochlorite (bleach) in your detergent and the heat from the water. When you put dishes into the cupboard they are infested with tiny microbes. So sani rinse, etc. on dishwashers is quite a frivolous cycle, but it helps dishwashers sell, so I imagine that's why you see this cycle so much on dish machines. You cannot tell by looking at the control panel when this dishwasher is filling, rinsing or washing. It only has a countdown readout.Half Load - Automatically adjusts energy and water usage for a half loaded dishwasher and washes accordingly. There is no top rack only wash cycle for this modelEco - Checks condition of water to see whether extra fills are necessary for wash and rinse cycles.Power Scrub Plus - Removes heavily dried on food soils of pots and pans or regular dishesAuto Wash - Automatically adjusts cycle to how dirty the dishes are and washes accordingly.  I just purchased this dishwasher, so the only cycle I've had a chance to use is the regular wash cycle.Regular Cycle  - For heavily soiled everyday dishes with or without dried food on themQuick Wash  - For lightly soiled dishes that don't have dried food on them 30 minutes. This cycle can be used right after you clean up for a dinner party perhaps or if you're washing dishes that you want to use that have been stored in the garage or basement.Hi-Temp-- This is not something a person can select manually. Hi temp comes on if it needs to.Sani-Rinse  -- Sani Rinse is called Extra Heat on this dishwasher and must be selected by pressing a couple of the buttons simultaneously on the front panel and holding for three seconds.  The learning curve is little bit different for this dishwasher, but it doesn't bother me.Rinse and Hold  - This dishwasher doesn't have a rinse and hold cycle; but not to worry. I haven't found that I need one with this machine.Delicate/ Eco -  I'm not sure what Eco stands for, but this cycle is for washing china and crystal. I imagine this cycle would be good to use if you have a bunch of stored crystal and china that is dusty to rinse or wash off, otherwise this is a cycle that would rarely get used.., cause I don't know about you, but I'd never put my fine china in a dishwasher.Delay Start -- With this dishwasher you can delay the start time for about 19 hours if you want to. Delay start is a nice feature to have on a dishwasher, because it allows you take advantage of off peak hours of electricity rates, or set the machine to come on when you go to bed. A dishwasher can't get any more silent when it comes on when you're countin' sheep.Child Lock - Yep it has one. It keeps toddlers from changing the cyclesHeated Dry--The heated dry is not optional and seems to work just fine. I'm not even sure this machine has the traditional heating element that most people in USA may be used to. It uses a concealed element combined with condensation drying technology to dry the dishes. (No more melted plastics) A special unit in the motor is used to heat the water for rinsing and drying.. Usually around the last ten minutes or so of the cycle it reserves this time for drying. Because there is no exposed heating element,  you can put your plastics anywhere you want in this dishwasher, even if the items say top rack only. The only problem with the dry cycle is that it does not seem to dry plastics all that well, but this may not be an issue for you as it isn't for me. It's an issue for some people though.Capacity -- Now this might be an issue for some people. This dishwasher DOES seem to be smaller in capacity than what most Americans are used to.  My eye is not that discerning. But this shouldnt' be a problem as long as you are not loading the dishwasher with tons of pots and pans all the time. Pots and pans are something I tend to wash by hand. My other dishwasher had larger capacity but didn't clean the dishes worth a hootenanny, so I'll take the Bosch, thank you. :)Flatware Rack  -- The  flatware rack is marvelous.  It's what they call the flexible type. It's huge, and can be snapped back to back or side to side and has individual cubicles so the flatware doesn't get nested together.  You can put the flatware basket anywhere you want to on the bottom rack or just use one half of the rack, (greatly improving loading space), if you don't have that much flatware to load. This model doesn't have a standard non-flexible cube flatware basket which has cubicle lids that can be snapped in the stay up position, however the cubicle lid on the flatware rack can be folded down flat to lay on the side.Bottom Dish Rack -- The design of the bottom dish rack is nice to me. It fits my plates fine and it fits bowls great. When I shopped for this dishwasher I made sure to take my dishes with me to see if they would fit because I heard that the capacity is smaller than what most Americans are used to.  There are tines that can be folded down to accomodate super large bowls or pots and pansUpper Rack -- The upper rack is adequate for most  glasses and cups.  It is not height adjustable.  There are no clasping  tines that I have noticed on the top rack to hold lids, etc. Small lids and other similar items can be put under the flatware cubicle grid lid in the flatware basket.Cup Shelves --  These can be used for ladles and large serving utensils or to easily fit wine glasses.  The cup shelves lay flat over tea cups or other short cups like liquor shot glasses. Or they can be folded up to accommodate tall glasses. On the upper and lower rack there are also tines that can be folded down or up to better accomodate your glassware and other dishware.Tall Tub Washing - The upper rack can be removed and the upper water pipe can be fitted with a sprayer head to wash large cookie sheets and other large items you wouldn't normally be able to fit in a dishwasher; however Bosch only recommends washing dishware and utensils in their dishwashers, not trash cans, baseball caps, buckets, etc.Rinsing--- This machine seems to rinse just fine. It leaves my dishes sparkling and spotless.  I cannot yet tell by listening to it how many rinses it actually gives the dishes but it does seem to rinse thoroughly.Semi  Self-Clean Filter - Most Americans are used to dishwashers with hard food disposers and self cleaning filters. This dishwasher doesn't have a hard food disposer. It has a triple stage filter and a filter that traps large particles. Most of the debris that goes into this trap will liquefy and get flushed out of the machine automatically, however it does have to be cleaned periodically if large non-dissolving particles get trapped in it.  It's easy to clean. This keeps junk from getting trapped inside the wash module.  This happened with my Whirlpool dishwasher that I used to have, which impeded cleaning performance and increased the motor noise. Consumer Reports says to watch out for things like raspberry/blackberry seeds with this dishwasher.Rinse Aid Dispenser - Yep, it has oneSalt - There is no salt dispenser on this particular model. I know that some Bosch dishwashers have this feature, but this dishwasher does not have this feature.Detergent Dispenser - The detergent dispenser slides open and holds a little bit of detergent. It looks small, but it's adequate enough to do the job. Borax can also be added as an additive to the detergent in the detergent cup and it seems to work well.  Bosch recommends powdered detergent or those compressed cubes of detergent. I'm not sure why this is.Engineering Differences ---------------------Has 2 Pumps- One for washing and one for draining. This minimizes noise and vibration that you get with other dishwashers.Super Thick Insulation - It makes the machine 47 decibels quiet (about as quiet as a refrigerator)Non Center Pump and Motor Mounts - Further aids in quietness of machineMost dishwashers have a heated coil to dry the dishes. This machine uses condensation or a dehumidification process and residual heat to dry the dishes. There is a concealed coil, but the machine doesn't solely rely on the heating coil to dry the dishes.Special Nylon Coated Racks - They resist or prevent rust throughFuzzy Logic - Senses soil level and adjusts cycle accordinglyWarranties---- -----------------2 year limited warranty - Bosch will replace or repair any component that proves to be defective in materials or workmanship (excludes labor charges)5 year limited warranty - Bosch will replace or repair any Bosch microprocessor or circuit board that proves to be defective in materials or workmanship (excludes labor charges)5 year limited warranty - Dish Racks will be replaced by Bosch (excluding rack components) if they proved to be defective in materials or workmanship (excludes labor charges)Lifetime Warranty- Stainless Steel Rust Through, Bosch will replace the dishwasher with the same or current model that is substantially equivalent or better in functionality if the inner liner should rust through (excludes labor charges).  Bosch will replace the stainless steel door if the door should rust through (excludes labor charges)Extened Warranties- Are usually available from your retailer which usually extends all the warranties indicated by the manufacturer by 50%, with the exception of the lifetime warranty given by the manufacturer.Things to consider.... May be pet peeves for you? ------------------------------------------------------Rinse and Hold- It doesn't have this cycle. But then again, it doesn't seem to need it. You can always do a manual rinse and hold by turning it on letting it fill and operate for three minutes, then push the cancel/drain buttonsPlastic Drying -- Some say it doesn't dry plastics well. It dries my plastics just fine. But then again, I rarely wash plastics in my dishwasher. The plastics I do wash in this machine seem to get dry just fine.Cycle times -- Long cycle times (95 to 114 min for this machine)  are something people are going to have to get used to. With dishwashers using less water because of government mandates, long cycle times have become standard. This machine is no exception. The Quick Wash cycle which is 30 minutes is an exception to the long wash cycle standard..Heated Dry? - Tricky one....Uses a concealed heating element combined with condensation drying technology. This cycle comes on whether you like it or not.  There is no option to turn it off. This is usually reserved for the last 10 minutes of the cycle. When the LED panel reads 10 minutes the machine can be turned off and the door can be opened to air dry the dishes if you prefer.Vinyl and Plastic  Smells -- Strange vinyl or plastic smells that will dissipate over time seem to emanate from this dishwasher when you first by it and are close to it. It kind of smells like a combination of armpit funk and plastic resin of some type.  I think this is mainly due to the special seal they have around the nook where the dishwasher fits underneath the counter to aid in sealing out dust, critters, moisture and noise. Over time, this smell may decrease. Most dishwashers don't smell like this when new, so it's surprising.Capacity -- The capacity of this machine does  seem smaller than what most Americans may be used to?  This has not been a problem for me, but it may be for you. Also when you are shopping for dishwashers, make sure you take some samples of your dishware with you so you know if they will fit in the machine or not.  The dishwasher that this machine replaced had a large capacity and didn't clean the dishes worth a hootenanny,  so there's no way I'm gonna complain about this dishwasher, just because its capacity is slightly smaller.Quietness -- It's too quiet. LOL!  Some may not like the fact that this dishwasher only has 47 decibels of sound when it's on. Unless you're paying attention or the TV isn't blaring, it's hard to tell that it's on.Food Grinder/Disposer -- It doesn't have one. It has a filter that liquifies food, then flushes the juice, and it has a trap for non dissolving particles. This has not been an issue for me. It just has to be cleaned periodically. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:15:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65574906	the product came dented and it wasnt discovered until after the warranty period, when construction was completed- amazon was helpfiul and I did have to pay a restock charge to return, but it was worth it because it was a hassle free return. the dishwasher does a great job and my only coomplaint is that it is a bit loud. Very easy to install. Time will tell as to quality. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:15:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
26361853	Works as advertised.  Does a wonderful job.  I rinse dishes before putting them in to save having to clean the filters.  Most of all, it is silent when operating.  You don't know it's running from a few feet away.  Drawback:  no alarm when it's done. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:15:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
78684689	I have it for about a month. I live in a small apartment in the Boston area, and it fits perfectly on the counter in my small kitchen. I was amazed with the simplicity of the installation. It even comes with detergent, just plug and play. The washer heats up the water and the dishes come out real hot at the end. The quick-connect feature of the water intake and drain works  well and is really quick and simple. I have read in other reviews that the machine is noisy, but I found the operation quite quiet - perhaps it is a matter of ear sensitivity. Most importantly, the dishes come out real clean! Life is much better when you don't need to do dishes. To summarize, so far it has been just perfect for me. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:15:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72075002	I need to extend my Dish Washer Drain hose by a few feet at first I went to Lowes to see what they had available and all they had was various junk that was not specifically designed for my Dish Washer.  Then I went onto Bosch's website and found this accessory.  It worked perfect and made my install easy to do and gave me the piece of mind that the install was completed correctly. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:15:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43619758	Purchased this dishwasher just over 1 year ago to replace a 3 year old whirlpool piece of garbage. Unknown to me at the time, Maytag is now whirlpool. Guess what? this dishwasher is a piece of garbage too. Never really cleaned well wasnt very quiet and now just a couple of months past the warranty period this dishwasher is dead at a young age just like the previous dishwasher. Do yourself a favor, dont ever buy a whirlpool product, so far in the last 6 years I have replaced a 6 year old Whirlpool Range, 3 year old Whirlpool dishwasher and the 1 year old Maytag/whirlpool dishwasher that replaced it. Whirlpool products are poorly designed, and built they will not last you more than a couple of years at best and they will not work as they are supposed to. Stay away from whirlpool 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:19:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84877275	I purchased this unit (SHE3AR56UC) three weeks ago and echo the experiences of all those who say that this dishwasher simply doesn't clean dishes. I followed all the manufacturer's instructions- first mistake, don't use the auto wash setting. Even on heavy wash and sanitize, the unit couldn't even remove a dried film of tea from a teacup- something I was able to do just by wetting the cup and using my fingers! All dishes were scraped clean of food particles. Flat dishes seemed to get reasonably clean, but there was a dirty film left on some bowls. I used the same dishwashing powder I had been using in my 12-year-old Maytag without any issue. Water temp at the tap was measured at 140 degrees, 20 hotter than required by the mfr. No issue with water pressure either. The spray arms turned freely. Rack stacking was per mfr's recommendations, and other ways as well. The unit was leveled as required during installation. Luckily my vendor will take it back in under 30 days and I have already ordered a competing brand as a replacement. Note that this unit does not have a disposer and you must clean the filter manually. Ugh! At least it was quiet, but apparently it wasn't doing anything, so maybe that's why! 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:19:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
8001528	This product is very helpful. We are 5 in the family and it works just like a normal dishwasher. It just needs a smart yet simple installation and you are hassle free. Though it's not as convenient as a built in dishwasher, it's a good choice than handwashing. Recommend it! Sure do. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:19:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84168108	I was leary at first of these small portables, and was afraid that because it was inexpensive it would be a tin can with plumbing. So as you probably also did what I did. and poured through all the reviews on all the other portable dishwashers also. Some glowing reports and some really hating these machines. Well if you look closely enough at the pictures you will notice All the compact machines regardless of the manufacturer are the same basic design. Some cosmetic differences and that's about it. So it's down to what color you like and what door you prefer on the front. And what seller you think will take care of you the best.I read quite a few got dented dishwashers because of poor boxing. I can tell you that this seller was very careful as it was extremely well boxed with very thick double lining and in a extra strong box. No way would this get dented in there. I also received it in two days from my order.Others complained these little guys don't clean well. Well I can tell you that this in fact  has exactly the same components you find in a big dishwasher, Just minus a top sprayer. Has both a detergent door, and a rinse dispenser. And heat's the water and the interior is all stainless steel which if I were to buy a full size dishwasher. Stainless steel would be an expensive option. I found the pull out tray of high quality and came with very good hoses. Nothing about it seems cheap to me. And everything came out squeaky clean. It is for all intensive purposes just a miniature version of the real thing. So if it didn't clean you would have had the same problem with the big unit.I was also happy to find that when it drains it has a pump so that was good for me because I intended to hook this up permanently to it's own faucet and down the same drain as the washer the laundry room. So you can put this lower than the drain line. I was also delighted that the water inlet is a standard size as your washer inlet. So you can use any hose from home depot. You don't need to hook it up to your sink!As for the long wash cycle complaint's it's no longer than a full size. So set it to Cup and glass clean for a shorter cycle. Or better yet just push the off and on button and reset it to rinse mode if you feel it's taking too long. It will detect that is has soapy water and will automatically drain that. Then it will refill and start rinsing with clean. You can even open it up and take a peek whenever you like (just don't open that door so fast as to get blasted with hot water, it will turn off quickly but still has water shooting around.So for the price this is great bargain.I have had it for quite awhile now, and I did notice that the Dishes DO come out dry. This happens because the water is so hot that the dishes evaporate off the water. If you don't put a rinse agent in then you will probably have water drops. so take advantage of the rinse agent dispenser. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:19:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34027961	It sucks.I don't know what I was thinking when I bought this. We were at Nebraska Furniture Mart and the salesman suggested this piece of poop.I usually research a ton before I purchase an expensive product... and if I would have, I wouldn't be stuck with this dishwasher. Just stay away please. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:19:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52159302	We bought our dishwasher a year ago.  What a poor performer.  This washer has managed to etch all our dishes and does a really lousy job cleaning the dishes.  We were told our water wasn't hot enough so we installed a point of use water heater at great cost- no change.  We had their tech come out and replace many parts- no change.  We wanted our money back so we could buy another washer- no help from GE.  Poor product- poor service- I'm done with GE forever. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:25:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82786693	we've had this dishwasher now for over a year.  very, very quiet when running. you have also a nice reminder beep to nag you when it's done.while it is a bit smaller in size internally, makes up for in efficiency. the utensil holders are smaller too, but its much better trouble-free, than the last kitchen aid we had. has so many more sensible features that come on it.buy another one in a heart beat. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:25:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53137523	I've had this washer for over 4 years.  It's still working, HOWEVER (and this is a big one) I've screamed at it lots of times, including today, but will still recommend it for those living in small apartments or studios.  There are some things you need to know and if you're not willing to troubleshoot or mess with it, it's really not for you.1) The wheels will fall off. They're horrible- don't even bother with them.  Go to a hardware store and buy a furniture mover/dolly and leave it on it at all times.  It will save your kitchen from flooding when a wheel actually decides to fall off.2) You might have trouble with the hose blowing off the sink-connector/adapter.  This will be due to one of two thing- the sink adapter gets worn out after a while or you're missing a rubber washer inside the hose.  Both of these things can be replaced.  I was able to find the parts from [...]  The sink adapter was $8 the rubber rings were 75 cents.  The hard part was trying to get the part numbers from Haier (sink adapter is #DW-5800-06, rubber ring is #WD-0015-01).  You can also reduce wear on the sink adapter by using a rubber band to keep it on tighter when you're running the dishwasher.3) When the instruction book says the dishwasher has to be level, they aren't kidding.  This will flood your apartment- even if it's only off by 1/8 inch.  I must have been lucky but after four-years, today was the first time it ever happened to me.  I thought the door was leaking, it was actually just a level problem.  If it happens, when you turn back on the dishwasher it will beep and flash at you.  To reset it, you have to tilt backwards 45 degrees until it's totally drained.  This will flood your apartment worse but will fix the problem.  Re-level the dishwasher and start it back up again and it will work.  Basically, if you live in an old apartment building, your floors probably aren't level so check it often, especially if you move the washer around at all.  You wouldn't believe how little it takes for it to flood.4) No, this dishwasher does not fit full sized dinner plates.  You can get away with putting one on each side (so the spinner doesn't hit them) but I think 9.5 plates are as big as you'll fit in here.I realize these sound horrible but it's only a handful of times that it goes wrong and so far (knock on wood) nothing has been bad enough that I haven't been able to fix it myself.  Plus, if you're anything like my old roommates, husband and me, having a dishwasher- even a little one- will save you tons of conflict and keep dirty dishes out of your sink and for me- it's worth it.  If you have a small apartment- it's the way to go- much better than the counter-top units.Hope that helps at least some of you! 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:25:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56930589	We got this dishwasher 8 months ago. It was installed by our builder, along with other Bosch appliances. I thought it would be better than our previous inexpensive dishwasher, but this machine is terrible! When we first got it, we couldn't figure out how to turn it on or off. It has an on/off button, however that does not turn it off or on! You need to reset by holding the start button down for 3 seconds. The water saving settings were not getting our dishes clean and took hours to run. I finally settled on the quick wash setting, and it ran o.k. for 8 months. Now I can't get the machine to run at all. The light flashes, but none of the buttons appear to work.I will never buy another Bosch appliance! 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:25:51	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50361091	Like so many other folks who own this model our control panel failed two weeks ago.Dishwasher was purchased in April, 2007 and now needs a 300 dollar repair.Was tempted to get it fixed and get an extended warranty but reviews of this product on Amazon and other sites convinced me otherwise.Never again will I ever purchase an appliance from this company!!! 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:25:51	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
9799341	We were snookered into buying this new dishwasher a couple years ago by the slick salesman at Best Buy--it had the angled top rack that he convinced us we needed. The price was a couple hundred more than I wanted to pay but our old dishwasher had so many problems, so we sprung for the Samsung.Our first wash and dishes dirty like our old machine we junked.  I thought it was my fault for not enough air-gap on the discharge line. It worked 75% OK, leaving the rest of the dishes w/ baked on crud .As you may have read already, it leaves food crud particles on everything. Then it bakes on in the dry cycle and your stuck hand washing half the dishes. Seriously, you could put in a crystal clear, clean glass and it would come out dirty after a wash cycle in this thing.I have sort of figured out, the wash arms that spray the wash/rinse water wear out, get plugged w/ crud or are easily stopped from spinning by an errant fork. Once they stop spinning, you end up with dishes that don't get washed--only splashed with the wash water.  I am currently replacing the arms (top one cost me $35 bucks!) to hopefully get this thing to go another year--I don't have another $600 to blow on another machine.This machine should be the subject of a class-action lawsuit. I will certainly notify BEST BUY the next time I buy a dishwasher and demand a super discount--I am not that kind of a person, but they sold me a dishwasher that dirties dishes rather than cleans them and these review I just found today prove it. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:31:30	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86957062	This is the third dw we've owned here in 10 years and it is by far the best. It's so quiet, it's hard to tell it's running (except for the little light)  The interior is high quality and nicely arranged.  We have a large family and this meets our needs just fine.Mostly, the dishes are really clean.  I thought the basket was going to be a little chore to clean but I only need to do so every couple of months.The downside is only that it is sometimes a little reluctant to close completely and I have to push on it slightly more than usual.  I don't know why this happens. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:31:30	No Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23658977	We bought the black face version of Samsung's newest dishwasher from Lowes in June to replace a 15 year old KitchenAid that was making a lot of noises that we didn't understand. Within 30 days of the purchase, the printed user interface identification / location labels(a decal over the power buttons and other function buttons) wore off. We had no idea where the power button was - had to tap around the area where we last had the decal. And when it started up it sounded like we were grinding dirt. The normal wash decal was next, followed by the Samsung logo. We informed Samsung on-line and had a service tech out within 7 days. He visited, took the information and ordered a new panel which was installed within 7 working days. But within 30 days the new panel had the same recurring problem. We used no harsh cleaners (water and mild soap only)and the panel was not subjected to any abuse. Yet it didn't take long for the power decal to disappear, followed by the Samsung logo. We are awaiting a new panel. The second fault which can not be repaired is the inability to stack plates and dishes in a pattern that holds more then two meals. The tines are so close togeather they hold only six inch flat dishes, forget about fitting 10 oblong, or 10  square plates along with salad plates and saucers. Our wine glass which have stems longer then 3 can go in the top rack after removing the wine glass holder As for utensils, their handles can not be larger than  3/8 in diameter to fit into the utensil rack otherwise, you have to remove the cover to the utensil basket. This purchase from Lowes has been an expense mistake that has soured me on Samsung products. The only good part of this whole experience is meeting a very conscientious repair man and reputable company in our town.Disappointed in Ocala, Florida 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:31:30	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
53988342	I live in a very small apt with a roommate and we both hateeee doing dishes-so I invested the money into this dishwasher. It fits on a shelf in our kitchen and its as easy as taking it out of the box and plugging it in!!! Super quiet and the dishes/pots/glasses are all SPOTLESS! best money ive ever spent! 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:31:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16133385	M husband bought this for me for lack of space and we had it for a year before we bought a big one. (growing family.) While I had it I was quite satisfied. You have to remember to clean out that little ketch all on a regular basis, and it took a week or so to get the placement of all the plates and stuff right, but besides that we were vary happy. it did great on all of our small and medium bots and pans as well. We would do one load for plates bowls and the like, and a second for pots and pans. The only things that didn't fit were cookie sheets and our large walk and LARGE skillet. I would definitely recommend for small families or single persons. 	agilay	10-25-2015 18:31:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88972560	This KUDS30CXWH1 kitchenaid dishwasher is the worst appliance we have purchased in 40 years!!  In the first year, while under warranty, there were at least 4 service calls.  Since then we have had so many service calls I've lost track. The dishwasher always picks the worst time to fail, over the holidays when we are doing the most entertaining.  Last year it was down 30 days around Christmas.  This year it will be down 3 weeks over Christmas before the service people can get here. The problem is always the fuse in the control panel which blows out leaving the machine dead, or it fails, completely blowing out the expensive control panel.  We've been forced to get a service contract on this machine because it it so undependable.  Another problem was that the upper rack is supported on cheap plastic wheels and the weight on the upper rack caused it to collapse.  This is all unfortunate, since the Kitchenaid dishwasher we had before this lasted 20 years.  Something bad has happened to Kitchenaid quality and we will steer clear of them in the future. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:53:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
78298008	I went to the main website that my dishwasher was bought from and read up on what all my dishwasher was supposed to have with it and what it does and when I got it well I was a little dissapointed but I am not completely disappointed. I have wanted a dishwasher for so long and since it does clean very nicely and it does do pots and pans I am keeping it. I wish I had gotten more for what I paid for it but this being my first purchase of a dishwasher I really didn't know what to expect. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:53:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
72796438	After reading ALL of the reviews for this machine- I was confused. People either LOVE it or HATE it. I decided to give it a try. I will admit... setting it up was a nightmare. I was about to return it, when I remembered one of the reviews I read that described how to set the machine up. Forget about the instructions.. .and dont even bother calling customer service- they just read the manual aloud (which is completely useless). A few pointers- You need to unscrew your sink, I didnt think that mine did.. but it did!  Make sure the machine is higher than your sink in order for it to drain properly. While this machine says compact.. it is quite large. I had to buy a separate cart to hold it. Also... this may sound crazy- but you need to have the water running. While this is common sense for some... it was not written ANYWHERE in the manual- and the customer service people were unable to tell me about this. Seriously... once it got up and running- it has been a great help. I have a clean sink, clean dishes, and it even makes me want to cook more. If you are having trouble setting it up- stick with it... it will eventually work- and ready some of the reviews- most people have great advice. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:53:12	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
35589605	I bought my Danby dishwasher about a year and a half ago.  I have a very tiny kitchen in a studio apartment, so there is no room for a full-sized dishwasher.  This product is excellent!  My kitchen faucet was old (from the 1940s), so I had to go to the hardware store to buy an appropriate faucet adapter.  That didn't take long to figure out.  I have never had any leaks with this dishwasher, and it really does clean dishes well.  Besides four place settings, you can also wash large casserole dishes and mixing bowls if you position them inside the dishwasher carefully.  As far as noise goes, I barely hear this machine when I'm sitting in my living room.  I don't know how the rinse agent dispenser works, and when I called Danby customer service about it, they were very helpful.  They said that if I use Cascade Complete dishwashing detergent (which I do) I don't need to fill the rinse agent dispenser.  So I don't worry about it.  I don't have spotting, and dishes come out sparkling clean!  I highly, highly recommend this product! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:53:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36724344	This review is for the SHE3AR52UC model specificallySummary:  For all the great things we had heard about Bosch dishwashers, we have been underwhelmed by this model.  Yes, it's very quiet.  Dishes and glasses look super clean after washing.  Overall, it works fine.  Would I recommend it to others?  Maybe.  And maybe all appliances these days are fancy, but not built to perform their basic functions simply, reliably, and well.  My comparisons below are relative to a 15 year old Maytag full size portable dishwasher that was loud, but awesome.  We did have one major problem with this Bosch machine (see below) about three weeks after we had it installed.Pros:- Very quiet- Dishes and glasses look super clean after washing- Stainless steel tub- Price is reasonable for features and Bosch nameCons:- Dish racks are not designed for maximum flexibility and efficient use.  The old Maytag's rack design allowed you to put in all kinds of dishes, glasses, pots, etc. of varying shape and size and use up all the space.  This Bosch machine's racks limit your flexibility and we always end up having gaps which go unfilled.  Yes, I've watched countless youtube videos showing me how to load a dishwasher.- There is no way to tell when the machine is in the dry cycle.  We like to turn off the dishwasher, open the door, and air dry our dishes to save energy, the planet, etc.  This machine doesn't tell you what cycle it's in, so after about 1.5 hours, we figure we're good, cancel the cycle and open the door.  The normal cycle including dry runs about 2 hours.  Like previous Bosch models, items are not fully dry when the cycle completes (if you care about that sort of thing - we don't).Major Problem:Three weeks after we got the dishwasher, it stopped responding to commands on the control panel.  It would turn on and off using the power switch, and lights on the panel would flash, but we couldn't set the cycle or start the machine.  This is Bosch quality, we wondered?  We called Bosch and they dispatched a tech, but only 1.5 weeks later!  I thought the electronic panel had gone bad, but the tech immediately told us it was the door not closing properly / fully.  What?  Yeah, he's seen this problem on many of the newer Bosch machines.  Why didn't Bosch tell us that on the phone when we called originally so that we could try closing the door more precisely until the tech arrived?  The tech ultimately had to remove and reinstall the machine to get the door to close consistently / properly, and even now we have to be extra careful in how we close the door.  Aren't you supposed to just be able to push it shut, like any other door?  Shouldn't the installation requirements be reasonably forgiving?  The tech blamed the problem on the magnetic latch for the door that is highly sensitive and has to be aligned just perfectly.  Why, so the machine can be super quiet?  What good is quiet if you can't get the machine to run?  Anyway, this is obviously something that Bosch should fix in the fundamental design of the machine so that customers don't rue the day they selected Bosch and Bosch doesn't have to incur the cost of dispatching techs.Concerns:Are the dishes really getting clean with such little water and soap use?  The machine operates so quietly, is it really cleaning anything, or just getting the dishes wet?  I'm used to whoosh, splash, whoosh, repeat to give me the sense that something serious is going on in there.  Yes, stuff looks very clean when it comes out, but we rinse everything before it goes in so who's to say? 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 18:53:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22906188	I have had this machine for approximately two years now, and this has helped keep my kitchen cleaner longer because it's so easy to just rinse a dish and drop it in!My only complaint is that under the food catcher at the bottom of the dishwasher, all of the water doesn't quite drain out of it, but I use it so frequently that I've never had a problem with stagnant water or any sort of smell from it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:08:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	drain complaint	true
80799343	I am shocked.  I have a brand new Frigidaire Gallery Dishwasher.  It was purchased less than 2 months ago; installed just a few weeks ago.  I noticed a few rust spots in the unit, but thought that maybe the lines needed to be cleaned out.  After 3 weeks of use, I've noticed that the entire bottom screen surrounding the drain is rusting out.  I called Frigidaire Service and they said rust is not a warranty item.  I explained to them the unit is BRAND NEW! She did not budge and restated that Frigidaire's policy does not cover rust and to call the company I purchased the unit from that maybe they will replace it for me.  TERRIBLE SERVICE!  Especially for a brand new, defective unit. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:08:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	rust complaint	true
34997893	We are a family of 2 that does one load of dishes every other day.  Bought my kitchen aid dishwasher 3.5 years ago.  I love the stainless interior and the rack design.  After 6 months warranty put in a new mother board.  Then the front latch needed to be replaced.  Then the dispenser assembly melted ( $110. + shipping and service) and now the control circuit board won't run cycles (sometimes it sticks in a cycle indefinitely and other times it won't turn on).  Only refurbished circuit boards (one that has previously gone bad) are available for a repair, no new replacement part is availabe (a cost of $300.00 + shipping and service). And to top it off the front plastic control panel screw holders have fallen apart from taking it on  off  so many times for repairs (another $190.00 + shipping and labor if you want to fix it. They don't make kitchen aid dishwashers like they use to.  I will NEVER BUY another one. This one is beyond being a lemon. It is a piece of S_ _T! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:08:57	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	unreliable, cost complaints, mother board, front latch, dispenser assembly, circuit board, front plast control panel defects	true
80608414	After 2 years of hand washing dishes enough was enough. I researched several of these countertop dishwashers, this one seemed the best.  I'm an amazon prime customer, paid the 3 bucks and got this unit the next day I found it.Hooking it up was a breeze! Very very simple.I use the cascade complete 3 in 1 tabs- there is an extra pouch that attaches to the dish rack for using these things- of course it comes stock in the unit.All of my dishes have come out perfect I use it once a day for a week and a half now- I'm so happy I bought it. Life it just easier with it.Don't hesitate- just buy. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:08:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
32183936	I purchased this machine for our office because our cleaning company was charging us extra to wash coffee mugs and we thought this would ultimately save us money.  While it does clean the glasses and coffee mugs, it certainly doesn't dry anything.  We still have to use paper towels to dry them.  When I spoke with the company's customer service department, the rep explained that once the dishwasher completed its cycle, we could pop the door open a little and then the dishes would get dry within an hour or so.  Seriously?  I'm still thinking about returning the product, but would not recommend it to anyone. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:08:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, time complaints	true
72202186	We bought this dishwasher in February for our vacation home, so it has been run less than a dozen times, but I am ready to replace it.  Most of the new dishwashers are quieter because they've eliminated the food grinder and replaced it with a filter that needs periodic cleaning.  Since I didn't want any part of cleaning a filter, I opted for the Samsung with the food grinder.  However, the one thing I failed to notice was that it didn't have a heating element to dry the dishes (which helps explain its Energy Star rating), so if you don't open the dishwasher immediately after it finishes you have to hand dry everything.  What's the point in having a dishwasher??  I didn't experience the dirty dishes issue of many of the other reviewers until this past weekend.  A large part of the problem with dishes not coming clean is due to the fact that there are no move phosphates in consumer dishwashing detergents.  I don't normally have that problem as I use commercial-grade detergent that has phosphates in it and everthing comes out great in the 10-year-old Kenmore dishwasher that I have at home. This past weekend I had the Samsung loaded to capacity and everthing came out dirty.  I ran it again with twice as much detergent and still had to hand wash everything!  This machine is JUNK with a capital J! When you read reviews of anything you can always find one or two people that are unhappy with the product, but when everyone has a problem, there's something wrong with the product.  If I could give it less than 1 star I would.  You've been warned! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:11:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
78323258	I chose this because of many good reviews and size. I think many of the good reviews were from people that are not accustomed to a fairly good quality dishwasher. It is flimsy to say the least and seems better suited to my granddaughters play kitchen than mine. The center arm for distributing water is frequently coming off and needing to be 'snapped' back into place, the bottom rack is unstable and often rolls back into the dishwasher while trying to load the machine, the hose and electrical cord do not glide easily back into place, most of the little plastic doo dads such as to top of the flatware rack and the stemware guides are a waste but easily removed, the flatware rack topples over and so on. However, it does get the job done. As far as quiet goes it doesn't appear any quieter than any 'real' dishwasher. I've been using the machine for 4-5 weeks now  and if I had it to do over I would not buy this but would opt for a more traditional brand and sturdier dishwasher.I upped this to 3 stars mainly because I've gotten accustomed to it and while it's still dinky in my opinion. But, the customer service from Sunpentown was excellent and beyond. I had a problem with it giving me a fail signal because of low water pressure. The water pressure was high enough so I knew it was the machine. I procrastinate too much and just stopped using it for 3 months and was about to push it to the street for pick up but decided to call the manufacturer/distributor. The person on the phone said it sounded like a problem that they needed to have the machine to check and issued a pick up for it. The biggest problem I had was getting it into a box (so if you buy it break down the box and save it somewhere). They picked it up and I called and asked them to do something about the water spinner thing in the middle because it was frequently falling off and having to be snapped back on. They returned it to me in short order (in a brand new factory box) and it has been working like a charm for over 6 weeks now, gets the dishes and small pans really clean and the water arm never falls off anymore. I'm using it at least 5 times a week and sometimes twice a day. I think I'll actually raise it to 4 stars. It only loses one star because it's dinky. Oh, and there was no charge for pick up and delivery. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:11:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41127856	Awful, Awful, Awful product. Electrolux should seriously be put out of business for ripping people off like this. We have had our Electrolux dishwasher since Oct. 2011 and it worked fine for about 2 to 3 months, never really getting the dishes quite as squeaky clean as our previous dishwasher that wasn;t nearly as expensive. Just like the others...Error Code 01, would just stop working/powering on, smoke coming out of the front after one repair kit was installed....I have had to hand wash dishes for the past year and half, WITH a newborn baby and 2 year old (now 17 months and 3 years)...so for those with kids, you should know what a pain in the neck this is...all while a $1400 dishwasher sits right beside the very sink I'm standing in front of for 45 minutes washing dishes. Digusting!!No matter what you try, this thing will never, ever get your dishes clean, I'm warning you now. Please listen and save yourself this nightmare. It will bake on old food and soap scum to where only soaking then hand washing will finally get it off. We have bought every type of dishwasher powder/tablets sold within a 40 miles radius of our home plus some from Amazon, and you guessed it.... DIRTY DISHES. I could go on and on about this thing, we are going hopefully next weekend to buy a Bosch to replace this worthless piece of junk. We're still not certain what to do with it.... Can't really sell it, guess we'll just haul it to the recycling center. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:11:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
76948183	Yes this dishwasher is quiet, and it gets the dishes clean IF you scrape every bit of food off and/or pre-rinse--just was I was hoping to get away from with my old cheapie.  I also do like the deep space on the top shelf.  Negatives include:  silverware baskets that force you to put your forks and knives in with the points up (dangerous), sticks out so far that ugly red light show comes on every time I bump it and it latches, top shelf made for formal china dishes, not everyday mugs and various refrigerator storage containers so loading a challenge, no energy-saving selection for drying so everything gets fried and uses a lot of electricity, no garbage grinder (to keep it quiet) which is why dishes need to be really clean going in, controls are difficult to figure out.  Next time I'll do my own research rather than taking the word of others.  This will help the house show well when it goes on the market, but I'm glad I don't have to live with it for a long time.  Oh, and it took my VERY handy husband, who has installed a dozen dishwashers, two days to get this one in.  He was NOT a happy camper. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:11:16	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
25286280	I live in an apartment without a dishwasher, and hate doing dishes. Since my cabinets won't support the installation of a normal dishwasher without significant renovation, I bought this. Additionally, because my cabinets are old and sit below what is considered #34;standard height#34; (you need about 20 inches clearance), I needed a dishwasher that could both hook up to the sink and sit below sink level. This dishwasher fits the bill.At about half the size of a normal dishwasher, it's perfect for two people. It has trouble with larger plates, but I've found that the smaller square Corelle salad plates (which are big enough to work just fine for dinner plates) fit perfectly. This dishwasher gets things really, really clean - an internal heater will boost water temperatures to near boiling. I recommend cleaning the filter every week or so, and running a lowest-setting cleaning cycle with vinegar every month. I've had no problems with the faucet connector - you have to install an adapter to your sink, though, so make sure your faucet will handle it. It has an internal pump, unlike other models, that will pump wastewater up and out - it can sit up to 4 feet under the sink. I've noticed that it won't get all of the water out, though, so if you need to move it, let the hose face downward into a bucket or basin before moving it. It's really heavy without any additional water sitting in the hose. I have had no problems with this excess water sitting in the system - but if you have really hard water, you may want to consider this when buying.I plan on eventually permanently installing this unit below my sink, perhaps after the warranty expires. For a small apartment, it could work just fine as a permanently installed dishwasher without the large space required by full size models. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:11:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73880012	I was somewhat hesitant about ordering given range of comments, but the price was right and the size was the only way I would ever have a dishwasher.  My first delivery was damaged, and it appeared that I was receiving a unit that had been opened once already and was subsequently re-taped closed.  Upon opening the box, the door would not open because the plastic on the door was cracked.  Also, my unit was missing ALL of the necessary hardware (there are only 2 pieces, but vitally important ones) for connecting to the sink, and also missing the a warranty registration card and user manual, so I promptly shipped it back to Amazon, which was inconvenient, but better than being stuck with a broken dishwasher.  When the new dishwasher arrived about 2 weeks later, I was very pleasantly surprised and I now have a dishwasher that works perfectly, and cleans dishes very well.I would suggest reading all of the other review comments, especially the one from the woman in Cambridge, MA on attaching to the sink because the instructions do not address this at all, and it WILL save you lots of time.  Also, another useful observation:  I attached the threaded piece to the sink, then the hose attachment piece (push VERY hard until the ball bearings are over the new faucet attachment.  You will leave the part with the hose threads attached to the sink as well, and then simply unscrew the hose from the dishwasher to detach).  Also, be sure to remove ALL of the red tape inside, including on the piece on the ceiling water jet (I missed that one the first time) and remove all styrofoam, which is everywhere.  Make sure you operate the dishwasher on a countertop or cart that is the same height as your sink because this drains with gravity force rather than an electric pump, so it will not drain properly if the dishwasher is placed lower than the sink.  The good news is that the product works great and I am pleased with the quality,  just be sure to scrutinize it closely upon delivery and do not hesitate to return it if anything is cracked, broken, missing or doesn't look like the pictures.  This will ensure you receive a working model dishwasher that operates the way it is supposed to.  Best of luck! 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62036644	Horrible!  Horrible product, horrible service, horrible customer (not) care.  I spent over 5 months with serviceman after serviceman begging Dacor to fix this machine.  It never in the entire 5 months I owned it (yes, purchased NEW) cleaned a full load of dishes.  Dacor would not return my calls, acted very uncaring and in the end, ignored me until I was so tired of having a torn up kitchen with dishes piled everywhere (we have 5 kids and a teeny kitchen with a small single bowl kitchen sink - a dishwasher is more than a luxury item for us) they finally offered me a pitiful settlement to buy the until back.  I accepted only because I didn't have any more fight left in me.  Now I have enough cash from them to go buy a cheapo builders grade unit and live with a 6 hole in my cabinets.  Maybe at least my dishes will be clean.  So much for my dream kitchen.I will never ever buy or recommend dacor for anything.  I don't care if someone offers you one for free, it's still to much for this piece of junk. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:15:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
53955543	My Family had the plastic tub version of this dishwasher in our rental and we loved it. Purchased the stainless steel tub version when we bought a home and we love it. Very Quiet, washes dishes well, and the unit has lots of room for multiple meals from a family of 4. BTW: I am an appliance repair man with 16 years experience and training from most major manufacturers.There are five things to help your dishwasher to operate at its peak performance...1. Run your hot water at the sink until it comes out steaming hot. All dishwashers do heat water but due to federal regulation the wattage of heaters in newer dishwashers is relatively low. Where older dishwashers may of heated water in a dishwasher within 30-40 minutes of starting, newer dishwashers heat water at approx 1 degree per minute and are trying to achieve a maximum of 145-156 degrees Fahrenheit. Most manufacturers state in the owner's manual a minimum incoming temperature of 120 degrees Fahrenheit from the house to be a standard.2. Use Finish All n 1 Powerball Tablets...do not use the dispenser for these, just throw them directly in the bottom of the tub. They are designed for this!3. Use Finish Glass Magic or in a pinch use Finish Booster Agent in your detergent dispenser. Yup, where the detergent used to go. Both the main-wash and pre-wash cups. The federal government passed a law banning phosphates from all detergents. Phosphates worked really well for helping cleaning and keeping the dishwasher free of hard water build up. If you don't use one of these boosters, your dishwasher will never work well for you especially in a hard water area.4. Use Rinse Aid. Preferably Jet Dry but just use one. Rinse Aid literally aids in the rinse and drying of the dishes. If you don't use it you may complain of spotted, cloudy dishes and you will have drying issues. Sorry to preach, its funny how many people fight me on this.5. Once a Month, clean your dishwasher using Finish Dishwasher Cleaner or in an absolute pinch use Tang. Yup, the drink mix, Tang! =) Vinegar, despite popular belief will not clean the dishwasher. The Dishwasher Cleaner contains an acid that will cut through the hard water build up as will Tang as it contains a high amount of Citric acid. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17979679	I like that this dishwasher is easy to assemble (no special tools required), easy to use (straightforward, same rules apply for loading like any other dishwasher), and you know EXACTLY how much time each cycle takes (peruse manual). 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32614037	I paid a fortune to get a quiet, fully integrated dishwasher that I could cover with a cabinet panel.  The warranty was for 5 years.  Guess what?  The thing just died in year 6.  It cost me nearly $200. dollars per year to own this piece of junk and this was a summer home only.  The print on the controls faded out in the first year and I never liked that you had to turn a power switch on and off.  Now that the appliance guy gave me the bad news --and as soon as he heard I had a Bosch he groaned, I'm marching to the store to get a Kitchen Aid, even without the custom panel.  My Kitchen Aids have lasted 15 years.  Live and learn. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:15:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43190064	For one or two people this dishwasher works great.  It is quiet and efficient.  Dishes come out clean and I don't spend time standing over a sink.The only time I know it is running is when it drains.  Easy to hook up and use. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:16:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46942929	Dishes are not one of my most cherished chores though I do them without much of a complaint.  This wonderful machine quietly goes to work and frees me to do other more important tasks; no more having to spend a couple of hours doing something which a machine can accomplish is just about half the time. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:16:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84194474	This dishwasher functions as nothing more than an expensive sterilizer. Forget LG's claim that you don't have to scrape dishes: I have to actually wash dishes clean before loading them because (1) besides not removing any food particles, the heat also bakes any particles into my dishes, and/or (2) a fine grit covers my dishes, even when using a gel detergent. We purchased our dishwasher in July 6,2010 and I noticed right away that dishes weren't coming clean. I spent the first three months working my way through the user's manual and trying various detergents before finally calling LG. During the first service visit it was determined that the bottom spray arm wasn't working; the part was ordered and two weeks later replaced. However, the problem with dishes not coming clean continues, even after four service visits. LG's customer service is AWFUL. There's not enough space here to go into the details, but suffice it to say that I'll NEVER purchase another LG. The latest aggravation came today when an LG engineer blamed the poor performance on the government banning the use of phospates in cleaners. Frustrated. Aggravated. Mad. Life is NOT good. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:16:31	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
91808910	Pros: It cleans the dishes well, is very quietCons: Lower tray  drainPros speak for themselves.The lower tray on this unit is terrible. The lower tray is barely functional, probably due to there being too few rollers, two to four more would likely solve the problem - penny-wise on Bosch's part.Thanksgiving day (5 months post purchase), the dishwasher failed due to a loose drain thing on left side of dishwasher, the plastic thing wasn't snuggly tightened at the factory, took two service calls to hunt down the problem. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:16:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
42669501	I thought product would be a bit thicker, but since it is so thin it shows any defects on panel 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:16:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	I have no idea what this means	false
24855882	I wish I would have read the reviews on this dishwasher before I bought it.  On the lowest cycle (because it has a sensor) it takes almost 2 hours of washing!!!! There is NO WAY to change that fact according to the tech at Frig.  No one in the rest of the house can use water ..like shower, during that 2 hour time or it will extend the time cycle because it wants hotter hot water!  I finally did get the run time down to 50 minutes but I had to manually turn my hot water tank up to almost BOILING AND run the water at the sink until I couldn't stand my hand in it.  Seems overkill to me.  Some energy saving device.  I called Frigidaire and they just 'couldn't understand my concern'!!!  You have to RUN the hot water in the sink until it becomes hot before you start this dishwasher?  Ridiculous!$560 and I can't tell my dishwasher how dirty my own dishes are..NOPE...they have a sensor inside and it 'does it for me' but it is wrong!  I wash the dishes before I put them in there and only run it about once a week.  SO IF YOU ARE SINGLE don't even think about using this worthless piece of junk.The help at Frig told me to periodically during the week run it through a small cycle (no way to do that..rinse only maybe) so it wouldn't take so long.  Now there is a money, time saving ideal.  I am mad as heck at Sears for selling this worthless thing. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:17:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time, efficiency complaints	true
15388566	Do not buy this dishwasher. It has never worked well from day one. Dishes are not that clean when the come out. My dishwasher is 6 years old, started working even worse and I called the repairman out. He said to me, #34;oh, you have THIS Bosch. I'm pretty sure I know what the problem is.#34; Apparently the circulator pump is cheap and only lasts about 5-6 years. It will be $300 to fix. He told me this line of Bosch has cheap parts, he has had lots of complaints about them. Needless to say, we are getting a new dishwasher because even if I spend the money it will only last another 5 years. My 15 year old kitchen aid was better than this thing. Don't waste your money. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:17:27	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	cheap parts complaint	true
2595090	I purchased this unit from Lowes in November 2012. I have installed DW's a few times and the installation on this was a nightmare. The Drain, Electrical and Water lines are all in different areas than a standard hook-up and I had to extend A/C line and re-run new fill lines under counters besides having to customize cabinet where DW fits in, this machine is deeper and a bit taller than standard enclosures so bear that in mind if you're going to try to tackle installing this POS yourself.I have had this thing for 6 months. ( It does look sexy for a dishwasher, yes) and matches my Samsung fridge however, it does a horrible job on cups, glasses, dishes and silverware (did I mention pots and pans?) yes those too. A lot of times the Cascade would be half left in the soap dispenser and hard as a rock after wash cycle. (I suppose I should have tried to dry out some Beef Jerky in the soap tray while I was at it)This weekend I found out it is stopping mid-cycle and dispaying an error code re: drain error. I spent several hours checking water flow from DW drain pump to sink at it was draining OK. Yesterday I read several of the customer reviews here and elsewhere and realized I was an idiot for not researching the reliability on this brand before plunking down my hard earned cash.I went to Lowes where I bought the DMT400 armed with ihe info I read here and my own experience and asked the Appliance Mgr if I can exchange it for a machine actually washes dishes. He agreed with out any hassle as if he has been to this rodeo before.  I have a Samsung Refrigerator that is a couple years old and has been working great but the dishwashers are, well, to use an old cliche' you can't polish a turd. (This machine couldn't clean one either) 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:17:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	soap dispensor, pump, code defects	true
60834217	This machine didn't work that well brand new and got worse overtime.  It's finally gotten to the point that it leaves so much residue on the dishes that I'm replacing it with a Bosch.  LG also has terrible customer service.  Don't waste your time with this product, or any LG appliance. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:17:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
42674327	Update: I had this machine for three months before it started giving me problems. One day it would not start at all. I read the trouble-shooting and some other customer tips on-line. Apparently, there was a problem with our water level sensor; it would not reset itself after each load. I figured out a handy little trick: you have to shake and tilt the machine back on it's hind legs. Doing this resets that sensor and the machine will start.In the meanwhile, I contacted customer service. They were a huge hassle to deal with. They said they'd have repairs call me. Everytime they called I was at work even though I gave them a specific time frame. They never left a message or a return number. The number on my caller Id didn't accept incoming calls.After several months of phone tag, shaking and tilting of the machine finally quit working. My boyfriend had to remove the back panel to locate the sensor. We tried ordering the part ourselves but Haier was out of the $11.99 sensor and wasn't going to have anymore available for purchase. My boyfriend, who is Korean, came up with a clever idea. He used one of his chopsticks to reset the sensor before each use.After a few more service calls I finally connected with a sympathetic representative, he really understood my frustration. He ordered a replacement machine for me. All I had to do was pay $14.99 and mail in the serial number and 6 of the electric cord.A few week later my new unit arrived. I've had that unit for a little over a year now and it has been running beautifully. I hardly use it for the simple fact its a hassle to load, especially since the only place it fits is on top of my refridgerator. Right now, I'm looking to buy an 18 portable dishwasher on wheels.Please beware of this machine and Haier's customer service. I'll never buy another Haier product. When I purchase a new machine I'll most likely toss this one; I wouldn't want to curse my friends with this machine. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:17:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	water level sensor defect, inconvenience complaint	true
28888123	Purchased in summer 2010.  I have replaced the heating element twice--essentially every twelve months.  Now having pump problems--will not fully drain--requires extensive parts and labor to repair--simply not worth the time and money.  Will carefully consider a replacement--not going to waste any more time or money on this appliance.  I stongly recommend that any other LG appliance be avoided--I won't buy another LG product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:18:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
76534871	The Maytag dishwasher that came with the house was something of a dud (even reviews on Amazon and elsewhere), but as long as it worked we weren't going to replace it. About a year ago dishes literally started to come out dirtier than when they went in (even after a good cleaning, etc.). So we saved up for several months and read a lot of reviews on dishwashers. I have to say that none of the dishwashers seem to be universally loved and problem-free according to reviews, but we decided to pick the Bosch 500 due to its quiet operation and (mostly) high reviews.We've owned it for about three months so far and have been thrilled. We use the recommended dishwasher tablets and it cleans dishes that have no business getting clean (and generally just on the normal setting - I think we've used #34;heavy#34; maybe three times so far). Some people expressed problems getting their dishes to fit - with the adjustable second rack I've had no problems in terms of height. Some of the lower racks are a bit tight so I could see how they might vex some, but with a little creativity I've never personally had an issue fitting even oversized bowls and pots and pans.Parts of the dishwashing cycle are quieter than others, it varies from #34;check the red light to make sure it's on#34; to #34;I can hear it running if I stop talking and listen#34;. So while claims that you can never hear it are not true in our experience, it's certainly the quietest dishwasher that we've heard and never even approaches an objectionable level of noise.We also love the third rack. I've removed the lower silverware basket completely as I can always fit silverware up top. It does take a little more time to load than a basket would, but since I organize them as I load them (e.g. forks, spoons, dinner knives, etc.) I more than make up the time while unloading, as it's literally a one-handed grab to get all of say the spoons and drop them in the silverware drawer.I don't know how our experience will generalize to others - some people seem to have had issues with how well the Bosch 500 cleans (not sure if that's due to user choice of soap or perhaps local water hardness?), and some people seem to have had more troubles than we have with loading the dishes. But based on our water and our dishes my wife and I would recommend this dishwasher without reservation. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:18:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83006707	I've owned this dishwasher over three months now and have only good things to say about it.  I'm going to attempt to cover all aspects on this dishwasher and address issues some people have had.This dishwasher replaced a 10 year old Whirlpool.  I had many of the same cycles on my Whirlpool as this does, except the half load cycle.  My silverware basket attached to the door, so I had plenty of room in the bottom rack for dishes and plates.  I spent almost $800 on this dishwasher at the time.I read my manual on this dishwasher over 20 times to really understand how it operates. This dishwasher operates differently and if you're not open to doing things differently; then you should probably look for a standard dishwasher with a heating element.People have complained about the lack of a heated drying cycle.  The government has mandated all dishwashers use less energy and water.  The new dishwashers won't perform the same drying action as the dishwashers of old with a heating element the size of  rebar.  One of my friends purchased a new Kitchen Aid, and she's frequently left with the tops of glassware and Tupperware or plastic ware not dry.  The key is angling items, so water runs off of them.If you have a whole house generator; you cannot use the heated dry cycle.  You can only use the air dry cycle if the generator is used.  Heating elements use a tremendous amount of energy.Always unload from bottom to top. This way any water on the upper items will not drip down onto your dry dishes below.  You have three racks in this dishwasher.  A bottom rack, top rack, and cutlery tray, or third rack, above the top rack.Make sure your dishwasher is level.  Someone had mentioned their bottom rack keeps coming off the track when they pull it out.Odor:  you MUST let the interior dry.  With no heating element the interior will remain wet or moist.  I leave a rolled up kitchen towel against the top so it's slightly open overnight or during the day while my clean dishes are in the dishwasher.  Letting the interior air dry assures no odor and 99 percent of the time all the tops of my glassware and Tupperware type containers are dry too.  It's the same principle if you've taken a cooler to the beach and left it closed or don't leave your washing machine lid or door open; you'll get odor. They have to dry out.No room for tall items or items don't fit:  This top rack of this dishwasher raises or lowers to three different positions via paddles on the sides, and has two folding tine racks on the right side; so you have plenty of space depending on what you're loading.  You can even remove this rack if you have a very tall item like huge gumbo pot in the bottom rack.  I have an 11  x 17 pan that fits fine in the bottom rack.  I also have put a 4 quart crock pot along with a 6 quart crock pot,  a thick plate, a cutting board, ramekin, and microwave cover in one picture in the bottom rack.If you have tall glasses, just lower the top rack.  You have a 9 to 10 gap between the bottom of the top tray and bottom of the cutlery tray when the rack is in the lowest position.  When the top rack is raised to the highest position; there is a  7 to 8 gap between the two trays.The cutlery tray holds about 70 pieces of cutlery.  If you don't wish to use the cutlery or flatware tray, you can always use the accompanying silverware basket that fits in the bottom tray like most conventional dishwashers.The bottom rack has two sets of tines towards the rear which fold down if you wish. A vase holder unclips, and sometimes I put it towards the side on the bottom rack to hold frying pans up. The plate holder section on the left has wider tines to allow for thick plates, and the ones on the right are closer together.Detergent and rinse agent:  You must know the hardness of your water in order to adjust the rinse aid and detergent amount used.  People are complaining about having to use rinse agent.  I find I use less detergent with this dishwasher since it uses less water, so I think it all evens out.  I have a water softener and filtration system, and have found setting the rinse aid cycle to 2, and using one tablespoon of detergent is often enough.  If you use the packaged tablets or gel packs with about 3 tablespoons worth of detergent; they can  leave residue if you don't have enough dishes in the dishwasher or they're not dirty enough.  Etching on glassware, rust and pitting on flatware will result.  Someone also complained the tablets or gel packs don't fit well.  The dispenser is angled, so if you place the packs in at an angle they fit fine.  If my dishes are very dirty, and I use a prepackaged pack; I've personally found Finish Power and Free to be the best.  It uses hydrogen peroxide and has less harmful chemicals.  I also utilize the Finish Power and Free rinse aid.  I've tried the Cascade rinse agent, regular Finish, Finish Turbo Dry, and like the Finish Power and Free rinse agent the best.Cycles: I love the half load cycle when I don't have a lot of dishes, but I've cooked up fish or cabbage and don't want the smelly dishes sitting in the dishwasher until I have a full load.  Use up to a tablespoon of liquid or powder detergent.  A tablet worth of 3 tablespoons of detergent will probably be too much.I usually use the Eco cycle because I don't want super heated water since I normally use my good china for everyday use.  China generally shouldn't be in water temperature higher than about 140 degrees.  The rinse temperature on the Bosch is 144 degrees using this cycle.**Please access the stainless steel model Bosch SHX68T55UC 800 24 Stainless Steel Semi-Integrated Dishwasher for the pictures I've posted.** 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:18:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19152844	I live in a complex that controls what appliances we have.  The property management company always uses GE.  My previous GE dishwasher worked fine, but my stupid property management insisted on replacing it and other kitchen appliances simply because they were over 10 years old.  Well, this is the dishwasher they stuck me with.  It's the only model they keep in their warehouse for our housing units' appliances.  I called them to complain, but they told me it was still under warranty at the time, so I'd have to call GE to complain.  I did and the repairman was very rude and unwilling to fix it.  He lectured me about my water heater needing to be turned up (WRONG!  It was already turned up as high as it'll go) and needing to run the hot water from the kitchen faucet for a while first - bullshit!  It did nothing to help.  Once the warranty expired, I got back to property management, and our repairman came to lecture me on using Lemi-Shine and/or vinegar and how detergents no longer use phosphates, proper loading, yada, yada, yada...I've never had such problems with other dishwashers EVER!If I soak my dirty dishes in the sink in soapy water, then rinse with the sprayer, then load them into this piece of crap dishwasher and run it, they come out DIRTIER than before!  How is that even possible?!  So then, I have to wash each dish by hand afterward!  What's the use of having a dishwasher if the only way I can get my dishes clean is to wash each one by hand the old-fashioned way?!  BTW, the cycle takes a really long time, so it's also a huge waste of electricity (my water bill is covered in my monthly assessments, so that doesn't make a difference to me personally at the moment).  This POS is a waste of kitchen cabinet space!I will save up for a dishwasher of my choosing and override my Nazi property management's stupid rules because I'm running out of paper plates and plastic forks, etc. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:18:51	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
74333912	KitchenAid Superba Series KUDS30IXBLBeen doing my Consumer Reports and Amazon research to replace a 2 year old GE Profile dishwasher that doesn't clean well and the auto-detergent dispenser failed in the first two months of ownership.(Don't waste money on that option)I prefer a machine with a disposer and self-cleaning filtration system which this machine has. Many companies are getting away from disposers and using owner cleaning required filter systems that unscrew from the front of the wash tub inside the machine.Over the years I have had Bosch, GE, and Whirlpool dishwashers at high and low price points. I always do the installation myself so I know it is done right. This is my first KitchenAid dishwasher and I must say I am impressed with it on the installation and operational aspects. I also consulted with a sharp appliance person who recommended this model as well.Installation:Unlike all the others; the KitchenAid uses a 90 degree garden hose thread fitting to mate with the copper tubing or the steel braided hot water line. (Personally I always use the braided lines). This makes the final water line installation a breeze since the fitting goes on to the water valve easily without having to use a 5/8 wrench under the limited space with the machine installed in the cabinet compartment. The drain line is set up to join the primary line under the front of the machine so you can pre-install the drain hose to your disposal nub (make sure you knock out the plug!). Note- The drain line on the machine will have some water in it from the final assembly test at the factory so plan to have a rag for the small amount of water that will come out when you lower the hose to make the drain line connection. Electrical 120v is standard with the right front area under the machine being the location for the standard 3-wire tie in. Hardwire or use a custom assembled power cord depending on the local electrical code.This machine comes with the best sound insulation I have ever seen on a dishwasher. The white blanket covers all three sides and extends to the bottom of the machine just above the floor. You will also note the lower front panel has very thick insulation custom cut for the underside of the machine. It snugs up nicely and attaches easily with the quarter-turn fasteners to hold it securely after you have conducted your leak checks from the first couple of test runs. This machine has an open underside where the fill valve and pump motors are visible and not totally encased in a waterproof tub like a Bosch machine. You can purchase a 9v power water alarm detector to place under the machine by the water valve if you like a little early warning system for a pending water leak problem.Last but not least on the install front; the machine has two wheels located on the rear of the washer frame which makes it a really smooth push back into the cabinet hole area. The wheel height can be adjusted and the front frame leveling pins can be adjusted as well. See the online install manual for all the details.Operational aspects:Many of the standard control buttons and features are on the front panel and the nice LED blue lights make it easy to see what you have selected. When heated drying takes place a red light will illuminate and finally a green light when everything is done. The instruction manual has a complete list of functions/times/gallons and energy usage data if you need it.The inside of the machine has a four blade lower wash arm, two blade middle, and mini-two blade top arm. What sets this machine apart is the pot scrubber jets that are located on the lower back wall of the tub. These blue colored jets will scrub your pots with four nozzles facing into the machine. Be sure to place your pots and casserole dishes with the dirty side facing these jets in the back. Also of note is the upper mini-two blade wash arm which is smaller then normal, but prevents tall glasses etc. from being hit by the arm when it is spinning in the normal operation.The heated drying works well and my dishes have been coming out spotless while only adding 30 minutes to the run time.My old machines always had a problem with some tub staining from the hard water in southern California so I have changed detergents and am using Cascade Complete pillow tabs which you can get on sale at Amazon or Walmart. They do a great job and leave NO RESIDUE in the machine.FINAL NOTE- This machine has a pulse effect wash in the beginning of the washing cycle where you will hear the washer turn on and off inside. This is normal and does not mean the machine is broken. (Just part of the pre-wash before the main cycle)Don't let that startle you when you start the first test run.05/03/2013- 30 day user update: Machine and Cascade pillow tabs are working great. The only shortcoming on the machine would be the lack of a time remaining display on the front panel. Not a deal breaker by any means.....Zircon Leak Alert Electronic Water Detector, 1-Pack06/22/2013- Follow up: Dishwasher still doing great. I found out that about a cup of vinegar in the washer before starting once a week really keeps things sparkling......much cheaper that Rinse-aid .......yeah I know your grandma has been using this homemaker remedy for years....better late than never.....! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:18:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71920577	I love my dishwasher, it does a great job! The instruction manual is horrible! Actually, this is my second dishwasher. The first I ordered was faulty, the unit had no idea what it was doing! The second works great. I did notice the instruction manual was different from the first product, however the way it's written, it's trial and error. I like how you can pile a lot in this unit, and everything comes out clean. My plastic, acrylic comes out white sometimes. Don't plan on your aluminum pans to stay bright, but who cares, I don't have to wash by hand anylonger! My first manual mentioned Epsom salt, the second manual read good quality salt, so I remembered I had I huge bag on the front porch for the snow, the natural stuff,this will last for years! So all in all, it's a great washer once you research your own instructions. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:21:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36180405	Just got this unit a week ago. Seems to clean very well and it's MUCH quieter than our 10-year old Kitchenaid. The old machine did have something we miss - little clips in the top rack to hold plastic lids/tupperware. The Bosch sprays these things around and turns them upside down, filling them with water every time.Also, the child lock is only half-useful. It can only be activated after you've started a cycle, not before. So you can't prevent children from turning it on, just playing with it after it's already running.Also I find the on/off button a bit strange for a dishwasher. Don't think I've seen that before. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:21:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38331204	I recently got this dishwasher and I've been quite pleased with it.  I had a place that had a very basic dishwasher that was starting to leak so I used it as an excuse to get a nice dishwasher.  My main goal was to find a dishwasher that I could throw dishes into with only a minimum of pre-washing.  After a little looking around, I bough this model on the recommendation of Consumer Reports.  Then I logged onto Amazon only to see a lot of negative comments.  Uh oh...First of all in terms of space, I find it to be very spacious, far more so than my last dishwasher.  The top rack in particular has a lot more depth to it so that I can place larger glasses and stemware in it without any finagling.  I suppose this mostly comes down to a matter of comparison, but I found it to be substantially improved.The Storm Wash feature works really well against everything I've thrown at it so far.  Basically this is just an extra spray nozzle located under a part of the bottom rack that shoots water straight up.  So if you have a heavily soiled dish, you put it face down on this thing and it will clean it really well.  I threw a chili crock pot at it, no problem.  Had a casserole dish from making cornbread that I didn't touch with a scrub brush and it was nice and clean when done.It's not immortal, you can't have big chunks of food in it of course, but I've found that as long as you get the cursory large chunks of debris it handles the small stuff really well.  The one caveat on this is that I've noticed that if you use Storm Wash and put glasses on the side that's over that nozzle, I tend to get some caked on food bits in the glasses on that side.  Makes sense when you consider how the water flows when running that cycle.  So just don't put glasses in that spot when Storm Washing and it's fine.One other observation is that the smart setting for dishes isn't very smart.  I just find that my dishes aren't as consistently clean on that setting.  I'm probably saving water and energy, but my goal is to get my dishes clean.  Basically if I've got anything vaguely demanding in the washer, I throw it on Pots and Pans cycle and that really seems to do the job.It's crazy quiet.  I had a party and ran it during the party when everybody was in the kitchen and you couldn't tell it was even on.  It's so well sealed and insulated that I'll find the dishwasher is actually still warm and humid days after I've done a load of dishes.The control panel is a little odd in how it works, but once I figured out that I had to hold the power button down to get it to come on it's been fine.  Haven't had any problems with it, but we'll see how it does over time.So my overall impression is that if it holds up I got the right dishwasher.UPDATE:  So I've now had this dishwasher for a while and I've gotten some sense of where it might be going wrong for some people.  First of all if you load dishes too close to the soap door, then the soap door won't open properly.  So just be aware of that.The other thing I've noticed is that while theoretically it can hold a lot of dishes, in reality, the effectiveness of the dishwasher declines pretty quickly if you load it with too many dishes.  Basically if you're going to do a large number of dishes, you'll definitely want to pre-clean them.  If you keep it to lighter loads though it's a very effective dishwasher at scouring off even the worst caked on crap.I've had no issues with the electronics or any kind of malfunction.  So I'm quite pleased.UPDATE 2: So I've now had this for almost two years and it still works great.  I love being able to throw caked on dishes into the storm wash and know it'll just come out clean.  Highly recommended. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:21:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35287378	Purchased: 9/30/2009.  In less than two years years, we have had numerous leaking issues with this dishwasher. Our dishwasher begain leaking from the bottom right-corner of the door shortly after receiving it due to the fact that both splash guards had become dislodged and were sitting in the bottom of the dishwasher. Service was called and the unit repaired. Then a short while after that, the dishwasher flooded our newly remodeled kitchen due to a faulty water pump. When the service technician installed the new water pump (replaced under factory warranty), he also replaces the two splash guards as he had noticed they had cracked (rubber split apart from the plastic tab). Less than six months later, the dishwasher was again leaking from the bottom-right corner of the door and the splash guards were again split apart. I replaced the splash guards myself this time, saving a service call. In my opinion, the dishwasher was found to leak during testing of the design and the splash guards were created to address this obvious design flaw. However, every time you roll out the bottom tray, the rollers run directly over the rubber on the splash guards, which causes them to crack and then allow water to escape. Now a few months later, the idshwasher has again flooded our newly remodeled kitchen, and like the previous reviewer, we are no longer using it and trying to get Frigidaire to replace it. I would highly recommend looking for a different manufacturer when looking to purchase a dishwasher. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:21:08	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
52287080	Bought and shipped directly to my Japanese address. I was worried that it would not hook up directly to my Japanese kitchen faucet, had no problems at all (although I had to take channel locks to the adapter to get a good seal, hand tightening was not enough).This thing is awesome, I have no complaints. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:21:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73218700	Works really well on plastic leftover containers and glass cups. Have had trouble finding the salt required for the built-in water softener. Have had instances where food deposits are left on plates. Overall I am satisfied. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:21:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18059122	don't order this item via amazon.  their third-party seller ships UPS, which destroyed not one but two units and let me tell you crating a dishwasher that arrived sans crate in the first place is not a fun job.  i don't know what the problem is, but after two tries through amazon I gave up, called the local appliance store, and paid $200 more.that said, the unit is very good.  it's so quiet I have to press my ear against the front panel to hear any noise at all.  drinking glasses come out without a spot.  on the other hand I don't like the touchpad controls.  they respond only to full-strength finger pressure.  also, the unit requires special detergent capsules as well as a rinse agent which must be refilled occasionally in a separate reservoir. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:21:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83728663	As a student I am short on time, and let's be honest, when I do have time, I DON'T want to be doing dishes!!! On top of my need for one, this dishwasher is AMAZING!!! The dimensions are correct. It is placed on the counter facing my sink and the water tubes reach all the way around no problem. This is surprisingly easy to use and very efficient. The dishes come out clean and it holds a decent capacity, enough for 2 people about every day, sometimes less often. We leave the door cracked when not in use to avoid any mustiness. As an apartment dweller, this is a must have. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:21:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78367329	This is a piece of JUNK. The soap dispenser fails to open, which constantly results in dirty dishes and the need for multiple wash cycles. The only setting that works even a little bit is the normal cycle. You can't use the more powerful cycles, because they don't do anything to clean your dishes. You have to manually open the dispenser if you even want any soap in your wash, which is then used in the prewash only. Its AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL at cleaning dishes. If the dispenser actually does open, the dishes are still not clean. I have found brown scum on our glasses and containers. We have had it serviced multiple times. The repair people only check the water temperature (which is fine), checked my soap (I use Finish, which they said was fine), and said to use Dishwasher Magic to clean out the machine every couple of months. What? My old harvest gold dishwasher worked WAY better than this one and without the high maintenance! The repair people replaced the dispenser, but it still doesn't open. Save your money! Fortunately, we did purchase an extended, 5-yr, warranty with our dishwasher. However, you have to have 3 functional repairs and 1 diagnostic repair before Lowes will even consider replacing the unit. That is AFTER you have entered the extended warranty period. That amounts to over 20 hours of time and several weeks of annoyance and customer service calls (IF the appliance people actually show up)! They don't care at all that a consumer has a countertop full of dishes, pays more money in rewashing dishes multiple times, or that a consumer has to babysit the house for four hours at a time for a repair person *maybe* to show up. Don't buy this. Really. Save yourself the frustration. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:21:54	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
36760198	We replaced our old, busted fuse with this one and our washer has been running quite happily since. No issues. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:21:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69472107	I got this on December 22, 2005 which was two days after I ordered it and about a week before I thought it would be delivered. That was a great surprise and I was happy about it. It was in perfect condition. It's awkward for one person to handle the box, but was delivered right to my porch. I needed someone to help me get it out of the box and up on the counter, but after it was up there I moved it myself from one side of the sink to the other when I rearranged things in the kitchen to accommodate the best placement. The connections were easy. The learning curve on how to use and choose the cycles available took a bit longer, but was not problematic. The longest cycle is about 47 min and the shortest is about 20 min. I spent the week (I had the week off) washing things that needed dishwashing - things that don't sparkle from hand-washing and tend to get dingy. Included were dishwashing detergent and also a liquid rinse agent to add to the dispenser in the door. Depending on what size your glasses and dishes are, you can fit a decent amount into the dishwasher and you can take part of the rack out if you want to do only a lot of glasses or for something that needs a lot of room by itself.  The glasses and dishes have been sparkling when they come out and very hot if you use the sani-cycle. The only thing that hasn't been wonderful is that if I put tea and milk into my clear tea mugs, sometimes there is a faint cloudy film on the cup that doesn't come off in the wash.  A couple of times I've had to wet them and wipe them out after they came out. Over all I'm very pleased. This is after 3 weeks. I will update if need be. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:23:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
87929112	We bought a Bosch SHX7PT55UC, which is close to the top of their line, for $1299. It has three features we especially wanted. (1) An internal water softener. Although the web site of our water company says our water is soft, several test strips told us otherwise. (2) An absolutely unblemished stainless steel front. There are no visible controls when the door is shut. (3) A digital timer light that displays the time remaining in the cycle on the floor. Because these washers take a generous amount of time and the controls are invisible, we wanted a quick way to see what it was doing and when it would finish.The washer has worked well for the first month at least, with one curious exception. All the complicated settings for the machine must be entered by programming it. However, the manual does not correctly describe the sequence of buttons to control different feature settings. We had the Bosch/Thermador repairman out to verify the settings are are chosen by pressing a different sequence of buttons than those explained in the manual. Putting 2 and 2 together, we looked at the manual for a roughly equivalent Thermador unit. Although our machine says Bosch on the metal, it is actually a Thermador in so far as how the electronics work. Weird. At least they could confess and tell us where to get the correct manual.  Of course, the Bosch/Thermador employee kept to his story, that he did not know what was going on. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:23:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22377763	Just received my new dishwasher, and it seemed to be working fine but am receiving the error code E1 and no where can I find out what it means. Also the detergent door does not open. The unit also drains very, very slow, nearly 45 minutes to shut off. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:23:28	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
63378611	Was skeptical of this whole counter top dishwaherndeal got it today and did great.  Had week old dishes covered ran first load on pots and pans with some jet dri added once completed all of them were spotless.  Assuming it last great product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:23:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58338540	It arrived on time. It was very easy to set up and it cleans great.  I am very happy with my purchase. I love it! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:23:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43896334	First of this is a low to midrange product not a $1000 unit (less than half that) It works very well for being a cheap, relatively, dishwasher. As far as it taking 5 hrs to clean dishes, turn off auto, and heres a thought, plug it in!. 35-50 mins  all cycles but auto... never used auto.. wastes too much ammo. This dishwasher cleans dishes about as well as any dishwasher, and better than a lot..holds a lot of dishes and no prewashing necessary! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:25:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66614279	Never thought there'd be a day when I thought an appliance as a luxury, but this dishwasher has been wonderful. Having three racks has been great. All that small little stuff--chopsticks, plastic ware lids, long spoons, water bottle lids--can just be thrown up in the third rack.The dishwasher as a whole is extremely configurable. Racks can be adjusted by folding down prongs to accommodate big or small items. Lots of variety in settings, and has a countdown display so you can see when your cycle will end.It's quiet to us--compared to our old dishwasher, and gets the dishes very clean without the pre-washing we had to do with our old dishwasher. We love it. When the little song plays at the end of the cycle, I do happy dance of clean, fresh dishes. Wish I had bought one sooner. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:25:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36511096	Purchased this dishwasher new three years ago. Looks great, but doesn't fully clean dishes. We use name brand soap and rinse aid, however still find it necessary to thoroughly rinse dishes before running through dishwasher. Based upon our experience, we could not and would not recommend this particular dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:25:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
61704259	We got this dishwasher as a gift about 18 months ago. I was thrilled to have a Bosch dishwasher and thought this was a great update to our previous lesser-known brand dishwasher. Boy was I wrong. This dishwasher has given us nothing but problems that no one is able to properly diagnose, meaning we have already spent double the purchase price in repairs and it's still not working properly! I would definitely advise folks to steer clear of this dishwasher and I personally will not try a Bosch dishwasher again since the internet is filled with other bad experience stories about other Bosch dishwashers. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:25:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60075119	This is by far the worst one we've ever owned. Piece of junk. It takes several tries to turn on, often doesn't clean well, and had to be essentially tossed after a year. Sadly for Bosch, it turned us off the entire brand. That's the cost of migrating down, I guess. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:25:44	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
41058770	I have had my Miele for six years now and the drain light goes on regularly every two weeks. This means emptying the lower rack and hand draining water before you can re-set the machine. In the beginning, we had Miele out but they never came up with any resolution; maybe water pressure, maybe... We now thoroughly rinse all our dishes and the drain light still shows food clogs regularly. When we take apart the drain hose, we never find anything wrong. I would never buy one of these again. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:25:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60695870	I gave it one star because some of ya'll might enjoy the constant beeping this thing does. Personally it startles me, sounds like someones flatlining in the ER! It worked sometimes, didnt other times. Had it about a month,I'm returning it cuz all that works all the time is the beeping noises...how retarded! If your machine works as horrible as mine and you wanna be even more staggered...check out the reviews for the Danby portable washer...jeez...what were we all thinking buying this beeping broken contraption? I havent tried Haier customer service, but based on all the lovely comments here about their professionalism, I'm not expecting to get anywhere with them. I'm returning this and getting the Danby..hopefully it cleans more often than it beeps...otherwise I resort to plan C...hire someone to do my dishes..or plan D...break out the old plastic tableware! 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:25:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
65718377	After doing extensive research on dishwashers, we selected this model Bosch.  This dishwasher is amazing.  Cleans tremedously, the dishes are spotless every time.  Quiet performance.  A terrific value and excellent cleaning ability.  Buy this one and you will not be disappointed! 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:25:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81851346	This starts out as almost a carbon copy of another one-star review, I even commented under their review before being motivated to quip my own experience.  Received with a dented door and broken wheel, not the fault of the shipper.  It also had water in the basin and internal packaging was damp, leading me to believe this was a defective return Danby repackaged after they intended but forgot to refurb and pass off as new.  I know it would be too much of a coincidence that this unit belonged to the previous reviewer... but it makes me wonder?!?  Fortunately I still had 90% of the original packaging and contacted Amazon within 24 hours of delivery, so I speculate the return and credit will go off without a hitch.  Very frustrating, I thought I had washed my last dish. 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:25:47	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
51426359	The dishwasher was very well packed and arrived in perfect condition. The set-up and operating instructions are only so-so, but luckily I had a similar portable dishwasher in the '70's so I knew how to attach the special aerator to the faucet and attach the hoses to that aerator. I also knew that the little red button was to release the pressure so you don't get squirted when you disconnect the hoses from the aerator.The manual also doesn't explain what to expect during the various cycles so we were at first concerned when it did NOT pump out all the water in the tub at the very beginning of the #34;dry#34; cycle during a #34;rinse-only#34; test. However, my daughter (the user) reports that all is well and that patience is a virtue with this machine (that is, the cycles are very long). 	agilay	10-25-2015 20:25:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
27122432	I am so unhappy with this product.  I just remodeled our kitchen in our vacation home and we used the Gallery series.  The other appliances are fine (love the fridge!).  But the dishwasher doesn't seem to be working right.  We have spots on the dishes and they don't seem clean, even after a prolonged wash cycle.  In my other home, I have a Bosch - it is about 13 years old and is just awesome.  I wish I had put out some extra money and bought a Bosch. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:27:40	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
48449042	Great product, very pleased with the quality and performance.  I would recommend this dishwasher to others and would buy it again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:27:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73693660	We purchase an LG electric range, microwave refrigerator, and dishwasher in May of 2011.There has been a problem with every appliance! Very disappointed with LG would never buy Again! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:27:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
63775263	We bought this double drawer after having it come highly recommended.  Hubby loved how quiet it cycled; for about a month.  I felt the dishwasher failed miserably to clean dishes.  Then came the failure notices.  We had to have the drawers serviced time after time.  Six total in two years.  They flooded, they jammed, they failed to operate.I recommend waiting on these new designs until well after they have been tested and then read, read, read.  The best advice came from Consumer Reviews which recommended the drawer dishwasher only for under the wet bar to clean drink glasses.  I agree.  We cook, we bake, we USE our kitchen and need a dishwasher that functions all day long. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:27:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45041433	Bought this diswasher from Lowes 2 years ago and just had to replace it.  In the two years, the control panel broke, it leaked 2 times all over my kitchen floor and the wheels on the top rack broke 4 times. Rack components were very cheaply made and they charge you $25 a piece for each plastic component.  I finally replaced it when I had literally spent as much fixing it as I spent on it.  Kitchen aid was zero help in compensating me for the lemon of a product and they would not publish my review on their kitchenaid site. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:27:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67673771	Bought this at a local appliance store for $229.00, a good price for a dishwasher, I didnt need anything special, I just wanted something to clean my dishes so I could stop handwashing them. I had it installed and it looks and works great, very simple, basic controls, does a good job cleaning and rinsing the dishes.My only complaint is the silverware basket is very small, about less than half the size of my old dishwasher, and the smallest I have seen in any model, I didnt notice that when I purchased the dishwasher. I wish I had kept the old basket from the old machine.Other than that,its built well, all metal exterior something you dont see in other brands, and seems sturdy,more so than the one I replaced.Overall, a good value for the money.If you want a basic machine that washes dishes, this is the one to check out. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:29:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64318813	I purchased this model at the end of March, 2010 and the motor was already replaced by June 15th, 2010 due to a loud squeaking/whistling noise during cycling.  My dog would even tilt his head because the whistle was so loud.  The repairman told me that the motors on this model has been giving people trouble with noises so he replaced the motor.  He told me he as replaced a lot of motors for this model.  Here it is now July 14th and last night I ran the dishwasher with a full load and now the motor is making a horrific grinding noise to the point where I have to stop the 90 minute cycle because I cannot stand the noise.  I do NOT recommend this model at all.  Piece of Crap! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:29:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
24208389	We bought this Bosch Dishwasher to replace a 12 year old Kitchenaid model.  The Bosch is so much better.  Supper quiet.  Our dishes come out sparkling clean.  The dishwasher has a simple setup program that allows you to increase the heat in the drying cycle and to increase the Santizing period and you can ever program the amount of spot free gel to use each wash.  The unit is well built with a stainless steel interior.  We installed it ourselves saving $150 in installation fees and the installation only took an hour.  Simple directions, easy to install.  We love it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:29:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87038981	Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher. We are on our FOURTH Stainless Steel Samsung Dishwasher. They look great and are extremely quiet but they are NOT functional! Ours keeps displaying a 5E error message, the plastic parts to adjust the top rack have broken off and the dishwasher smells like spoiled milk, even after a full clean cycle. The WORST! Samsung does not stand behind it's products and I think they expect consumers to buy a new dishwasher every year! Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:29:47	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
52719886	My 1st Danby counter top dishwasher lasted 9 years. I ordered this and got it in 4 days and it works great so far. I rather have this than a full size. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:29:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62229586	I love my new countertop dishwasher. I've been using it for more than a week. No more dirty dishes on the counter waiting to be washed in addition to no more dish washing!Here are some things to know:1. It's heavy and comes in a big box. You may need someone to help you with it.2. Run the water until it gets hot before attaching the dishwasher hose.3. Follow the diagrams for loading the basket. If your dishes don't face toward the center of the dishwasher, they won't get cleaned.4. There's absolutely no information about the manufacturer in the manual. There's no way to contact them.5. There's absolutely no information about ordering parts in the manual. Guess you're out of luck if you need a replacement part.Comment 4 and 5 resulted in a four-star review. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:31:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71479593	I was not convinced this would be big enough for my needs but boy was I wrong!  I love everything about this dishwasher, it is easy to hook up and run. It does a great job on everything. And the price is so low....I would reccomend this to anyone who lives in an apartment and has limited space! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:31:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14195318	Anyone have control panel issue with your Samsung DISHWASHER DMT800RHS/XAA or DMR78AHS?I had *both* dishwashers and have suffered through control panel issues and nearly a dozen service calls between the two- not resolved yet. :(But I was just notified by my local repair service that last week (first week of February 2013) Samsung released a NEW CONTROL PANEL with an additional resistor. If you've paid for service or are still trying to get your dishwasher repaired, this resistor MAY be the answer to your problems, and you may want to give Sammie a call. Ask for Executive Service.Seems similar to the capacitor sizing flaw in their TVs that led to a class action lawsuit.  Hopefully Samsung takes care of their customers without a judge needing to tell them what reasonable service consists of. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:31:16	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
20502255	I have had this dishwasher for about 18 months. It cleans dishes very well. It has a sanitize cycle. The pro Scrub option is neat. When it works, it cleans my dishes well.However,I've had:3 dispensers replaced2 control panels replaced (these cost $150-200, but it was under warrnaty. I also bought the extended warranty)1 wheel on the top rack replaced1 motor Edited 6/13  This spring, I had the MOTOR replaced.  Still under warranty, thank goodness, but they took the whole unit out, flipped it over, and put in a new MOTOR. SERIOUSLY? Warranty is up this December, and I might just eat the cost of this lemon and buy something else instead of renewing the Extended Warranty.  Also, part of my spray system on the ceiling of the unit has fallen off, but it's too small of a repair to try to get someone out to fix it.Plus, the buttons on the control panel are so sensitive. They are like ipod touch buttons, and respond to the slightest pressure. If you brush them with your belly while you are leaning over the couter to pick something up, or lean against the dishwasher while it is running, there is a good chance you will hit the Cancel/Drain button and shut it off. The cycle is about 2-3 hours, so it's really a pain when this happens. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:31:16	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Sensitivity should also be a complaint.	false
86137505	Lots of people seem to dislike this unit, but we've had it for nearly a year now without any issues.  It's quiet, easy to use and works great.  I installed it myself with no issues and it has worked nearly flawless (much better than our 15 year old Maytag).  I like the adjustable top rack and the utensil tray works great!We've been very happy with this one. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:31:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65099926	Hours before buying this I never knew such a thing existed! Worked better than imagined. Cleaning with vinegar every few months will keep glasses spotless. After three wonderful years, the water pump died (inexpensive to replace), I installed a new one but after a few months, it was never the same. Everything ended up with horrible water stains. Great will it lasted! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:33:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
39759473	The dishwasher cleaned pretty well but we had it for 2 days and it started leaking out of the pump. Not a trickle, but a smallish steady stream coming frk underneath. Don't buy this dishwasher... 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:33:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
10860690	We've had this dishwasher for about 15 months....has worked pretty well.  Just tonight, however, the top rack assembly rollers broke off...I called Kitchen aide and they said it was going to cost $56 plus shipping to replace them ( they can't possibly cost more than $2 to make!).  Despite the fact that i'm only 3 months past the warranty  and it is a COMMON AND KNOWN ISSUE according to their own parts department, they were not willing to work with us whatsoever.  So....plan on spending approximately $56  per year in maintenance costs, minimum as these things are cheap crap and will continue to break off yearly.Does it clean ok?  yeah.. Ok.  Not great, not awful, but ok.  It takes FOREVER to run.  It is pretty quiet.  But if you factor in the $60+ a year in replacement rollers ( keep in mind only 2 of the 8 have gone so far, but the others look dicey) that could be a very lowball estimate.Take it for what it's worth, but Im sure there are better buy's out there. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:33:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
20015750	FULL DISCLOSURE - I don't have this model. I had an LDS 4821 WW.  But it was the WORST DISHWASHER EVER!!  A complete PIECE OF JUNK.  Honestly - I cannot say enough bad about the LG dishwasher I purchased.  So much for the efficiency rating - It doesn't clean anything.  This dishwasher has broken multiple times.  It does not handle food particles at all.  We've taken to prewashing all our dishes - and the latest?  After a 3 HOUR wash cycle, the soap itself wasn't even fully dissolved.  I'm done - NEVER AGAIN will I purchase an LG product.  The LG phone I purchased was crap as well.  Awful, awful, awful dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:33:36	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
78560300	it's the best. I am so glad i purchase it. I will reccommend this to everybody I know. I just want to say thank you 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:33:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49629749	This product does exactly what it claims- cleans my dishes.  If you load it correctly, and give it enough time, it works perfectly. I couldn't be happier with this unit.  Not having to wash all my dishes, or needing to run a couple loads is all right by me-  it cleans them better than I ever could.  Set up is really easy, just use a simple pair of pliers and don't let your excitement get the best of you. Be patient, and do it right and this will make your dish washing days drip free and happy. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:35:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53038296	We bought this dishwasher 8 months ago. In the last 2 months we have had 3 companies come out 5 different times to try to repair this. Nothing on the top rack comes clean. In fact the dishes on the top actually come out dirtier than when they were put in. Because it was within the warranty period, Whirlpool paid for the service repairs. However, when I called Whirlpool for the last repair on 10/7/2013, I was told that it already had 5 repairs and so if this repair didn't fix the problem, they would replace the dishwasher.( Their policy is that it has to have 3 service calls done before they can deem it unrepairable.) Well 6 days later all of the dishes on the top rack were dirty again. When I called to report that the problem wasn't fixed, I was told that I would need to have another repairman come out to make a call to their technical services. I was also told that the last repairman should have done this as it was on his service ticket. Not my problem that he doesn't follow their instructions. Now Whirlpool would like me to rearrange me schedule, and sit around for another 5 hour window for another repairman, the 6th service call since August 6, 2013. I told them it was completely unacceptable. I have gotten no where with their customer service. I am pretty sure that they make up their policies as they go along, as every person I have talked to has given me a different story or version. I was referred to the customer care center and was told I would be contacted the same day. I was called the next day and when I wasn't available, they left a message with a number to the managers direct line. I have called for 2 days, left multiple messages and have had no success in talking to the customer care manager. Whirlpool's customer service is non existent. They do not care about selling crap in a shiny package. They have no intention on helping their consumers. I will never buy another Whirlpool product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:35:47	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
53029565	We've owned a Bosch before and loved it.  Amazingly, this one is even more quiet than the last one we owned.  (Oh... and to keep the stainless clean - use pledge or another furniture polish - no streaks!  Looks just like new!) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:35:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69193546	I have been using this Viking dishwasher for over 18 months.It is unsually quiet compared to other dishwashers I have used in past. I have no complaints. The dishes come out consistently clean including the greasy bakeware.If one is remodelling the kitchen and going for high-end appliances like Viking, I would recommend getting this diswaher as part of the whole set. On its own the expense may not justify the purchase despite the obvious higher quality. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:35:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72075002	I need to extend my Dish Washer Drain hose by a few feet at first I went to Lowes to see what they had available and all they had was various junk that was not specifically designed for my Dish Washer.  Then I went onto Bosch's website and found this accessory.  It worked perfect and made my install easy to do and gave me the piece of mind that the install was completed correctly. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:35:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34879651	I've had my Haier dishwaher for 1 1/2 years.  Yes it did have some issues at first but luckily I was handy with tools and able to function adequately.  It gets used every other day and hasn't broken down yet.The only reason I chose this dishwasher is that it is the ONLY one that will fit in a my tiny galley kitchen.The hose system is indeed cumbersome.  I fixed that with the help of some zip ties and some hose extensions I made with rubber tubing. The casters are horribly flimsy and can scratch floors, but I don't move the unit at all.  It lives in the corner close to the sink.As for the water leakage issues, this dishwasher is very sensitive to unlevel floors due to the shallow wash tub.  My concrete floors weren't level so I had to use wooden shims to make the machine level again and all water leakage issues ended.4 large dinner plates can fit in the rear of the lower rack, but not the front.This machine due to it's fast cycle times and low water usage is very sensitive to the type of dishwashing detergent you use.  I have medium water hardness.  Brands with a high chorine content like Cascade or Sunlight brand detergent work well.  Electrosol works very poorly.  Relatively clean dishes should need less detergent and dirty dishes more, otherwise you can run into etching problems.  Closing the lid of the soap dispenser is a useless exercise since the machine reopens it anyways when it starts the cycle. Open the door at the end of the cycle to let the steam escape and the dishes air dry.  This in my case has eliminated all spotting..If you have a tiny kitchen in which even the 18 fridigaire portable dishwasher is too tall or deep to fit, the Haier dishwasher can be adapted to work.  It's less than perfect, but still better than hand washing everything. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:36:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	flimsy casters, inconvenient hose system, environmentally sensitive complaints	true
37180907	I bought this dishwasher for my daughter who has carpel tunnel. She said the size is perfect for her small kitchen. The washer does a great job and she absolutely loves it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:36:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
43477461	I would give it a 5, but it still doesn't clean as well as I would like.  No dishwasher does though.  Sometimes if we put in a dish with dried on food, it will come out clean, sometimes not.  So, we generally rinse the dishes before putting them in.  That irritates me!  Why have a dishwasher if I have to pre-rinse my dishes??  But, it does better than any other dishwasher we (wife and I) have ever used.  And, it is insanely quiet.  So much so that is it kind of irritating.  I have to walk right up to it to know if it is on :)  The only other gripe I have with it is that the little plastic hooks or brackets or whatever they call them that are used to hold items in the racks sometimes pop off.  Not a big deal, just a minor irritation.All in all though, I haven't been able to find many products I feel as good about buying as this one.  It cleans dishes really well, is quiet, looks good, and I feel I nailed this one.  We have had the dish washer for about a year now, and we still like it a lot, so  I would recommend it to others!! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:36:11	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	components that hold items in rack sometimes pop off. Hard to tell if it is running because it is so quiet, and doesn't clean as well as user would like it to	true
57103737	After moving into our new home, the first thing to go was the old, tiny, dingy, loud dishwasher.  Replacing it with this Whirlpool model has been fantastic.  It was easy to fit and install.  When it's running it is barely noticeable it is so quiet.  (I've literally put my ear up to it to be sure it was running.)  The utensil rack is movable from the bottom rack to the inside of the door and everything gets clean in either place.  The one downside is that since all the buttons are hidden from view, it's hard to see if the dishes inside are clean or dirty because the light that shows you is hard to see.  Other than that I love it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:36:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	inconvenience complaint (buttons and indicator light hard to see)	true
70340390	DO NOT PURCHASE - it was GREAT, really really great for the first year.  Then the warranty is over and it has problems with moisture inside the door causing the button panel to need to be replaced.  It is clear where the steam vent exhausts steam into an area of the door not sealed from the electronics and while some electronics are protected, the ribbon cable up to the button panel on top is not and it is clearly also not designed for moist environments as it is corroded (again, in less than a year and a half).This appears to be one of those situations where the manufacturer has designed in some planed failure - of course, to sell more parts and after-market warranties.Search for this issue or normal button flashing on this model in Google and you will find many others with this problem....  Maytag's customer service / technical support will gladly sell you Repair Plus 1 which is to repair this issue and give you another 1 year warranty --- presumably so you can get through 1 more year before it corrodes and you are back to buying another Repair Plus 1 service next year.  By the way, the cost for that service of this 450.00 dishwasher is 299.00...  so they keep getting 2/3rds of the cost back each year until you give up and get decent brand (Like LG or Miele according to someone who says they are much better - and more expensive).Also, it's not just this model, this is Maytag's new business model:  Sell dishwasher that is designed to last 1 year, after that, keep selling repair + 1 contracts to collect a revenue stream rather than just selling something that is supposed to be a Durable Good.-Devin Blagbrough 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:36:11	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint	true
16972787	Miele has some great things; it's quite, fits great in many different sized holes, you can get a custom front, easy to level and install...but then between years 1-3 you start to run a load of dishes and you hear a pop and you kitchen floor is now covered in salt.  I called the Meile costumer service and they call a rep in the DC area, the guy on the phone was really helpful and said they would be able to fix it no problem and that this was not a normal problem.  But, the guy who came to do the service call before they ordered the parts just smiled and told me his boss would love to sell me the parts because I would pay close to $500 for the water softer system, and the I would need a new feed line which was another $350...and the best part is what he said next and then I will see you next year when it breaks againIf you have the money not to care, pay for the Miele.  Or, you can spend half on a Kenmore, GE, Samsung, Kitchenaid or any of the other reliable brands.Please, learn from me, I had my miele sitting in the middle of my kitchen for a week waiting on the service guy...that just laughs when he thinks about how much money you just wasted. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:37:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52813212	This item is worth the money!! I hate doing dishes and have a very small kitchen! Was a little heavy...how ever that is why god made men...AM I RIGHT?!? Haha but seriously if you are thinking about it and have the money then do it! You won't be sorry!!It also arrived very fast I was surprised!! It came 4 days before the delivery date!! Wow!! The box is huge but I'm guessing that's for protection! :) very happy about my purchase!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:37:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37933767	I love this countertop dishwasher. It saves me a lot of cabinet space since I didn't have to remove or remodel parts of my kitchen to get it. Just set it up there near your sink and attach the hose to your faucet when you are about to run a load. It does take a lot longer i think than traditional  washers (it has 5 wash settings running from 45 minutes for light cleaning without drying to 112 minutes for heavily soiled dishes) but it gives me more confidence that even though it is small it is getting the job done. It also can hold a surprising amount of dishes once you get your tetris skills working! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:37:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24318698	Ok, so I have a tiny 1950's kitchen and have had to use these portable type dishwashers for years.  They are great little units--but need a little reasonable care to work at their best--here's what I've learned to make them last a good long time:When you load the dishes, reach under and spin the aerator arm to make sure it rotates freely and nothing hangs down to block it.Rapid Eco setting is the shortest and does a fine job.Only needs about 1 Tablespoon of detergent, gel works best.Does a good job, but doesn't handle too much loose or caked on food on dishes. I trap the previous load's water in one side of the sink and use it to presoak anything that is extra tough--lazy but effective.Sweep food off trap screen after every load.After about 3 or 4 years, if your unit ( this can happen to ANY dishwasher!) suddenly pours water out the door when filling, don't despair! Don't throw it in the landfill, don't waste time replacing the door gasket.  Just shut it off, shut off the water, turn on the unit so it will pump out the water and UNPLUG it so you can't shock yourself working on it. Then look up online how to clean out the FLOAT MECHANISM. It gets gunked up after awhile and just a little vinegar and a toothbrush and you're good to go for another 3 or 4 years.Take off the front lower panel and lift the side panel closest to the hoses.  Look for a little box with a removable lid and a lever coming out of it (this shuts off the water when it reaches the correct level). CAREFULLY open it and gently clean out the gunk so the float can freely move up and down.  Fill it halfway with vinegar once clean and replace the lid. Tightly close the box with a ziptie so it is airtight. Done!Hope this helps! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:37:44	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
32182966	Amazon page is very messed up, so I ordered a kitchenaid dishwasher and got a GE. I am very happy with the GE. It is a simple machine, no bells and whistles and I did not get taken to the cleaners. The price was for the GE. I highly recommend this dishwasher as it is not noisy, but fairly quiet. Cleans really well and like I said simple to use 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:37:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59364113	You will regret buying this dishwasher. Buyer beware--nothing but trouble. There are plenty of dishwashers that actually work--I am tired of waiting for this piece of junk to be serviced. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 20:40:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31532409	It says commercial, however, not very sturdy. We are a small bar, only washed myabe 50 glasses on weeknights and a few hundred on weekends, never more than 500 in any night.  First the on off toggle switch became loose, a week later it started to smoke and the units breaker cut off and it died. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 20:40:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
81830272	Purchased in May '11 (KUDS30CXSS).  Looks nice...does ok cleaning.However, its really easy to bump the controls and turn on/off.  So, then you rely on the control lock, and thats a PITA.  Seemingly, the washer stops running on its own sometimes.  No clue.Now, after just 6 months of use, the little prongs that hold the wheels for the upper rack are broken.  In looking for the replacement parts - no, I don't want to deal with KitchenAid's warranty non-sense - I find the part is $17-24...and some of the online web sites are backordered for this part.  So, looks like Whirlpool/KitchenAid designed a part destined to break and the replacement parts are getting snatched up.So, based on the annoyances with the controls and parts, I give this a two star rating.  Its that high because it does clean...but, really, don't buy this one. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 20:40:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49165958	I have had this unit for about 3 months now and it has been working great.  I usually run it once a day, had people over a couple times as ran it 4-5 times back to back without trouble.The main point I wan to make is that be careful with the size of the unit.  Its bigger than it looks, make sure you measure how much room you have before you order it.  I received it and quickly realized that my cupboard height is to low to put this on the empty counter space I have.  So I had to put it on a stand next to the count.All in all I think its already paid for itself in my mind. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 20:40:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
2331136	The first time we used it, it worked for about 40 minutes, then it started beeping like crazy. Looking at the poor excuse of a manual, it was indicating there was a clog or not enough water pressure. That was not the case at all. So....we tried getting this unit to work for about a week. What a waste of time and effort. It is not going to be fun hauling this 60lb thing down a flight of stairs.... 	kriss95	10-25-2015 20:40:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
34894786	I have never written a rewiew of any kind, but felt i should warn others away from this terrable product. I cannot believe a company like samsung refuses to recall these units and alows them to tarnish their immage of delivering reliable products. We purchased this unit just over a year ago and my wife was excited about her new fancy dishwasher. Initially it worked great it ran quiet and did a great job of cleaning the dishes. After 2 months the control unit quit resetting  and now we have to flip the breaker every time we start the dishwasher. Shortly after that the top shelf rack adjuster broke and I had to use a cable tie to hold it together. I had to do the same thing to the other side about 2 weeks later. It seemed to work OK for a couple months after that, though tripping the breaker every time was annoying. About a month ago we noticed a film over our dishes coming out of the unit, so we had to rinse the dishes and dry them before putting them away. Now its not cleaning very well at all, and is leaving black spots all over the dishes. I can't believe Samsung refuses to acknowledged the problem, acting like it is the first time they have heard of the promlem. One month out of warranty and I have to replace the pump and the motor. Wish I had researched the product a little better because this seems to be a common theme with this unit. An $800 dishwasher should last more than a year in my opinion. Many of the cheap dishwashers last 15 years or more. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:40:35	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
62067501	I am not satisfied at all with this dishwasher.  The only good thing about it is that it is quiet.  The dishes come out still dirty and soaking wet.  I have tried different detergents but it just does not do a good job.  The drying cycle does not work well at all either. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:40:35	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
65317944	Purchased March '11, Had to replace digital contol panel (moisture) Sept '11. Contacted Kitchenaid, 1st person apologetic till mentioned possibility of design flaw, next person didn't think that possible. Sept '12 waiting on repairman to replace control panel again (moisture). Definite design flaw if circuit board can not be kept dry on a dishwasher. Will repair this time, then not buy another Kitchenaid product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:40:35	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
70814968	Worked great with no problems for 18 months, then it wouldn't turn on.  Repairman replaced the latch ($158 bill) and 12 days later it broke again.  If it requires repair a 3rd time, I'm replacing it with a different brand.  My 22 year old Kitchenaid dishwasher was very noisy and not as pretty as this one, but it NEVER once broke down.  Wish they still made them like that one. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"wouldn't turn on"	false
64292111	We gutted our entire kitchen and thought it would be great to have the 30 dishwasher.  The biggest and only mistake of our remodel!!  We have had it for 18 months and after spending $3,000 for the product we have just spent over $1,000 in repairs in the last month with four service calls.  Dacor has not been helpful at all and our appliance tech is amazed that we have had to basically rebuild the entire unit.  Dacor is not concerned with the reputation of their product or to back up a crappy item.  It was out of warrenty after one year.  It would be helpful to have the company back up their product.  Stay away from this item unless you want a headache and a money pit.  We have decided that if it goes out again we will cut our losses and get a new, different brand and have the carpenter come out and add wood trim to make up for the size difference. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	doesn't state an actual complaint	false
33267478	I purchased this for a family member, where doing dishes was a constant source of disagreement and agitation in the household (who likes washing dishes? Ok, me - but I'm the only one!).I have checked in with that family member and she says it is working beautifully, it's quiet, fits perfectly on the counter, and is used regularly. Who knew this dishwasher would not only break away dirt and grime#8230; but also be a #1 solution to arguments over chores! More than pleased! Thank you :) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:43:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48140755	Pros:Good variations on wash cycle, will get through pretty much anything or just rinse for later.Cons:Internal capacity is not the same as its competitors. If you use small dishes, miniature wine glasses and kids cutlery, great! If not, you need to do additional washes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:43:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	size	false
74133894	Do Not Buy this product!  Ours just caught on fire this morning and had we not been home it could have been disasterous.  GE is negligent in keeping this product on the market.  If you research it online you can see that recently many many people have had the same issues. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:43:41	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Fire??!!	false
39590597	This dishwasher gets your dishes clean the first time around on the normal setting.  The filter is much easier to clean than in conventional dishwashers and since it sits on your counter, it saves your back.My only gripe, is that it is a little to short to hold my plates upright or even slightly slanted.  I have to put my plates at a heavy angle and because of this, I can only wash about three dinner plates at a time.Perhaps my plates are larger than others.  I am on the search for some smaller plates to get rid of this issue.  It would be worth it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:43:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
2065668	I bought this dishwasher from best buy and it has been nothing but problems. One would think spending 1500$ on an appliance would ensure quality but this dishwasher leaves food debris and film on all the dishes. I essentially have to completely wash the dishes before loading them which defeats the whole purpose of having a machine in the first place. I have had service people out at least 10 times and since the product is newer it seems that no one knows how to fix it.This product looks cool and the concept is great, but if your looking for function spend your money elsewhere. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:43:41	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
31879395	firstly I did not buy this from amazon, I bought it locally, along with a ge fridge, washer, dryer, and microwave.  In all my years, in all the houses I have lived in, and all the firehouses I have worked in, I have never truly hated an appliance until I bought this piece of junk.cons-wheels on the lower tray all broke-doesnt (and never has) actually gotten my dishes clean-upper tray rusted within a year-the wash packets are usually sitting undissolved in the bottom of the washer after a wash cycle.-had to take the entire thing apart (twice) due to clogging in the drain portion. (yes we pre rinse and now days pre wash our dishes)-this washer replaced a $200.  no-name dishwaher that always worked perfectly, what a mistakePros-wife likes stainless steel finishon a side note the GE front loader washer and dryer have also been really, really bad.  Again they replaced cheap costco brand washer and dryer which gave us problem free service for years. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:45:49	No Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
88856208	This is my second 18 Frigidaire dishwasher. This time I got the stainless one and I do like the look better. I wish I had the space for a full size unit but no such luck. For these small units you seem to pay more and get less.Price: Not bad. Don't be afraid to negotiate should you choose not to go thru Amazon. My local stores would price match including free delivery.Installation: This unit is slightly different in exterior size than the last one (both 18) so it wasn't like a drop in replacement but not too bad overall.Performance: This unit does the job. Dishes come out clean and I have not had the issues other reviewers complain about. The unit does have a smaller interior. I could easily fit more in the last 18 model. I guess they are trading size for efficiency ratings. It is also much quieter than the last model.Overall the small units are much the same. I am happy with my purchase. It works, and it's quiet. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:45:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46696912	This little Dishwasher is easy to use, washes each dish, glass, silverware, etc, very well - no spots, and can hold more than an sinkfull of dishes.  Definitely worth the money, and stores conveniently in the corner of the kitchen. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:45:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24013328	I bought it in July, and it was great for a few months, but then it stopped completing cycles. The time display would freeze, sometimes it would stop completely, other times it would just keep going and going with the frozen time display. I'd turn it on at night, and it would still be running, with the time display stuck on one minute remaining when I woke up the next morning.  So, why a two- star review rather than a one- star? This dishwasher replaced a Kitchen-aid lemon that died after only three years. Bosch customer service is much, much better than Kitchen-aid. I've gotten a live person on the phone almost immediately every time I've called in. Service appointments were always within a couple of days of my phone call. The service guy called to let me know exactly when he'd be there and he showed up on time. He tried to fix it three times. Now that it's failed again, Bosch has said they'll replace it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:45:49	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
85977564	I love this item; the value for money is great.  However I do think a couple of 'cautionary' things ought to be mentioned (would have been useful to know before buying it - for that price, I'd have bought it anyway, but some might not) .  First, it has NO PUMP, therefore it MUST be positioned over a sink so that it can drain.  Period.  Second, it has no drier - so the dishes don't come out dry, they all need a little dab with a towel.  Third, the cutlery tray is a bit ridiculously small....big spoons don't fit unless you put them in handle size down.  I see no reason why it couldn't have been designed a bit roomier.  Fourth, the issue concerning the size of the plates is relevant (a previous reviewer mentioned this - thanx!) but for me it wasn't the size which caused problems but the fact that the rack doesn't really hold the plates upright for some reason.  Fifth: the Normal' wash is really strictly only for very lightly soiled items - even with high-end dishwasher liquid.  So generally I end up using the so-called 'Heavy' setting...and never would attempt to wash pots in it (which is fine by me but some people would mind).  Sixth: The open/close handle is a bit thin and flimsy, I hope it won't break off at some point in future...and there's no good reason why it can't be a bit sturdier!  BUT OTHERWISE, it's great!! - full wash inside 45 minutes for the 'normal' and an hour for the 'heavy', and it's VERY quiet, which i love.  I haven't received the first electric bill yet but I'm hoping it's not going to make much of a difference!I do think that the designers/manufacturers should tweak the design of this but overall, it's great value for the money and such a super convenience for someone single who likes to cook light meals and doesn't want to wait a week until a full-size washer is stacked and ready to run!  I run mine on average every two days unless I eat out and so need it less. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:45:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
37060549	We bought this to replace a GE that was just three year old - enough said. The Bosch does a good job and is super quite. On this model though there's no rinse cycle and no way of knowing how far along the wash cycle has run, so 4 stars. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:46:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Unavailable functions complaint (No rinse Cycle, No way to know how far along the cycle is)	true
42198505	This is a nice dishwasher for those with limited kitchen space. The diswasher itself has more room than my previous unit. The only drawbacks that I have noticed are 1) the full wash cycle is a little long--about 1hr, 15min... 2) read the instructions on operating, not complicated just a little different.So far I have been very happy with it, I would recomend it if you're thinking about a countertop diswasher. -JM 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:46:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	unclear instructions, time complaints	true
86120417	I have owned this Electrolux dishwasher for several years and I can't wait for it to completely break so I can replace it.  It no longer cleans very well. Is not as quiet as it once was.  Had to replace a filter component that broke within 2 years and not covered by warranty.  The roller assembly is now coming apart when I slide the top shelf out.  Replacement part is less than $25 but I have to completely remove the dishwasher to replace them.  The door squeaks when you open and close it.  Just an overpriced piece of junk.  Buy something else. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:46:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	roller assembly (for rack) and filter defects, Noise and Cleanliness Complaint	true
39336712	The rack in this dishwasher seems to have been designed for planar dishes.  And lots of them.  If your dishes are totally flat, it's designed to wash complete settings for 12 people!However, any dish with any depth to it will NOT stand up in the narrow pin spacing of this rack.  Anywhere.  It is impossible to load more than three dishes in the ENTIRE dishwasher without them tipping over and crashing into each other.  And then you can't load anything else.AND, the upper rack will not allow you to load any glass (particularly wine glasses) taller than 7 inches.So, if you run a prison cafeteria with flat metal plates and short cups, this might be the dishwasher for you.  If not, look elsewhere. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:46:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	size complaint (unaccommodating size according to user's kitchenware specifications)	true
80639468	the unit was how it was depicted on line. Packed very wellIt is a great dishwasher for my use 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:46:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
58083794	There are a large percentage of reviews on Amazon that rate this product low. There are percentage reviews on other sites that are much more positive. I found this dishwasher a good deal, easy to install, built well and cleans dishes well. I look to Amazon reviews for my purchases, so I was concerned about this product. The Bosch name is good and they make more expensive ones. I don't think the relatively high number of negative reviews here gives the right impression.Pros: Stainless steel interior. Solid door that closes well (self closing when running I think).Relatively easy to install (I did it myself to save 150.) However, installation takes much more than plugging in a toaster and you run the normal risks doing so.Cleans well. Absolutely quiet.Cons: Some cycles work better for washing and drying.Not the best for drying dishes.I think Bosch dishwashers use less water, so using less detergent actually prevents spotting. I use the normal wash, not auto. This machine perfectly cleaned baked on pie from the bake pan with just a half container of detergent.It was easy to install. You can connect the electricity and water after putting it inside the cabinets. But the outflow need to be connected first (it's in back). Try 3-4 wraps of Teflon tape (provided!) for the water inflow.The unit does not have a heating element on the bottom. The dishes get 95% dry when running the sanitize feature. If absolutely dry dishes are necessary for you, I would look elsewhere.Remember, less detergent and try normal wash, not auto with sanitizer on. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:48:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32718247	...and that is pretty much the only positive thing I can say about it.  We purchased a Bosch after reading rave reviews about them online. In addition, a friend at my husband's work owned one  was very pleased.  Upon getting this unit, I was immediately dismayed to find out it was designed to hold a 12-piece place setting. If I owned and used a 12-piece place setting daily I would probably have a maid loading the dishwasher and wouldn't care about its performance. As it is, I have a collection of mismatched pots, pans, dishes, mugs and glassware which do not fit comfortably into this unit. The cheesy plastic clips that hold the back adjustable rack in place snapped off after 6 months of twice-weekly use; I have moved the silverware bucket to the front where I can stack pots pans for cleaning by resting their handles on it. Don't expect to put any utensil, glass or bowl with any caked-on bit in the unit to get clean--it won't happen. A final drawback is that you MUST use rinse-aid and dishwasher detergent pods (or tablets-but they will have to be snapped in half to fit them in the detergent reservior). I won't use any PG products because they are NOT cruelty-free, but Method  7th Generation products work very well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:48:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
33099776	I bought this on another site and it is a dream come true.  I live in a small space and this is my workhouse dishwashing maid.  Love it.  It's the same as the Edgestar model (same parts).  I use less dishwasher detergent (granules) and rinse the filters frequently.  I also leave the door open to let it air out.  I've had it now for 2 years and can't live without it.  I sometimes put pots and pans in it, large Brita water filter parts, etc. and it's really saved me a lot of time.  I always rinse off food particles before loading. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:48:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37027467	We have had issues with the control panel due to lightning storm is what the repairman said and it was fixed promptly. We have to routinely use a tweezers to pick food out of the holes of the sprayers but this was comparable to that of our Kenmore at our old house. Ours was terribly noisy at first but simply tighting the screws of the tow-kick area fixed the noise and now you can hardly hear it being used (as they advertise very quite). we do have to put glasses in a certain way to get it clean however I notice a drastic difference between when I fill  run diswasher then when my wife does. Something about her technique doesn't work as well as when I do. So human error could be a large possibility of the performance complaints. Finally the smell.... had a nasty issue with smell for a bit  tried several recommended solutions. Then I decided to put bleach on a rag  wipe out the door edges (underneath where the door closes is nasty...) and then I put bleach in the soap door  a cup right side up with bleach on the top rack. Note when you turn on the dishwasher it tries to empty any water/liquid in the bottom before it fills with water. Ran the dishwasher empty with the bleach trick  the smell has went away! Much, much better. All of my appliances are Samsung  I am happy with all of them. I would think twice however before purchasing another Samsung dishwasher but if you already own one try some of these techniques for better performance. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:48:22	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
40560435	I have a family of four and a few extra teen agers at all times.this machine keeps up with all of our cleaning needs.This dishwasher is more than I expected. I push this machine every day and it never lets me down. I dont even have to rinse my dishes first. i just scrape plates and put in washer and they come out sparkling clean.It is super quiet and the drying mechanism works good.it does not however fit on my counter top. I had to place it on top of a cart. I dont know how I lived without a dishwasher for so many years. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:48:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53295312	Great dishwasher at a great price. Gets dishes squeaky clean.  Plenty of features for what I need - You can set Extra Dry Heat cycle and set the amount of rinse agent. I use Auto Wash function with Extra Dry Heat off and it figures out cycle strength, wash time and amount of water on its own.  Dishes are still hot to the touch when unloading a half hour after complete.  It's quiet so I don't have to turn up the TV anymore when the dishwasher is going. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:50:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55716570	After six months of use, I can confidently say that this little machine was a wonderful addition to our lives. Our apartment came with a crappy, shallow sink, and no dishwasher, and my then-fiance and I were coming close to going crazy, doing all of our dishes by hand. Neither one of us liked it, and it became a constant sore spot in our relationship.I have had zero problems that the one-star reviews have mentioned. It's definitely water-tight, and very low on power and water consumption. I use maybe 40 gallons more per month than I did previously, and though I've seen a small uptick in my utilities bill, it is by no means unbearable. I'm certain that it's cheaper to run than having a full fledged dishwasher.Speaking of which, I think I've actually come to prefer this over full-sized dishwashers. This is PERFECT for everyday use, especially for couples or roommates. There's just enough space to fit all of our dishes and pots/pans from one day of eating and cooking (making all our meals at home), and it's low enough on power that I don't feel guilty running it every day. There's no waiting to have a big enough load to justify running the wash, which is great.As for functionality, it works tolerably well. This is not a full capacity dishwasher, and there *are* some things I can't fit. My 10 frying pan is as big as it can get. Don't expect to get a dutch oven in here, or really deep pots, or cutting boards, or pizza sheets. My dishes are large and square, and the largest dinner size (which we don't use often) can fit, but it takes some work. My bowls are also sort of tricky because they're very deep. I have circumvented that problem with some non-traditional placement of dishes, and everything still gets clean. I'd say it easily fits 4-6 place-settings, depending on useage. Make sure that you are pointing things towards the center of the machine, so everything gets clean. Anything tilted away won't get clean.Which brings me to one of the downsides of this machine. It doesn't really get the *outside* of dishes clean. There's only one sprayer arm to do the work, and it sprays up. Meaning that if I got one side of my pot a little dirty, and that side is facing up when everything's getting washed, it'll still be dirty when it gets pulled out. This is not the sort of thing that happens often, and easy enough to address if one is looking for it, but still, it's annoying. This machine also seems somewhat sensitive to hard water, and for a while was leaving a yucky film on some of my pots and pans (though my dishes seemed immune.) I fixed this by adding extra baking soda to my detergent, and using vinegar as a rinse aid. Now all my things come out sparkling!The controls are easy to use. I usually use the default setting on a lighter load, and go heavy duty when there's lots of pots and pans. The heavy duty setting takes 2.5 hours, the default setting is closer to 2 hours. I haven't bothered with any of the other settings, since mine is nearly always full.Installation was a snap. Once we figured out how to remove the previous faucet adapter, installing the new adapter was no problem. I do recommend using teflon plumber's tape all around the adapter, though. Before that, we were getting a lot of leaking from the faucet. The machine does take up a lot of precious counter space, but it's worth it. It has no problem fitting under my cabinets, and like I said, the machine itself hasn't leaked at all.I am so glad I got this little guy, and given the opportunity, I'd absolutely do it again. I think we'll keep it if we move to a different apartment with a dishwasher, even, because it's so convenient and easy to use. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:50:17	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86998158	Works perfectly. It has an internal heating system so you don't have to worry about the temperature of the water form the faucet.The normal cycle takes 2! hours but dishes come out super clean. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:50:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
57415468	Bought this dishwasher last week after finding my dishwasher of 15 years was leaking on me ...again.  This is a big big big change from my old one. My son was able to install it in under 3 hours, with no real plumbing experience. It all just hooked right up to where the original machine was. And the test run was amazing. I had no clue it was even on at first. With my old machine it was next to impossible to hear anything if you were in the kitchen once it was on. You even had to turn up the TV in the living room once it was running. This new one is super quiet. And the best part is that everything came out sparkly clean. I had gotten used to some dishes having to be run thru twice...now I am enjoying getting used to everything being clean the first time around. I really like that it is so simple, you just choose your setting and press start. Simple as that, and once you have done that, it remembers that setting and the next time around you only have to press start. Easy Peasy! Simple to use and install, inexpensive, and it looks nice too. Can't ask for more. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:50:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49701782	I have used this dish washer several times since purchasing it. The results have been excellent . I live by myself, so I do not have many dishes at a time. I bought the washer after my full size one broke down. This washer gets my dishes very clean, it is also quieter than my old washer. It uses very little water, and so far it has cleaned everything I have put in it. Excellent appliance. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:50:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82997016	It doesn't get dishes clean.  You have to prescrub and that is not why I bought a dishwasher.  The first Danby I had was AWESOME and I miss it very much.  It lasted years, but this one is not and I wish it weren't so.  Bummer. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:51:39	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
32011914	This dishwasher has been a huge disappointment...it is very loud and does not dry the dishes. There is standing water all over the bottom of the inside and after a few days it smells moldy. This is the second one we have had and it is a real fiasco. Don't buy this one. You will be real disappointed. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:51:39	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
9609866	The installation is non-standard so plan on reconfiguring the water intake and output.The clean button only stays on a worthless ten minutes.The racks are poorly designed and don't hold dishes upright well.The touch sensor on button has to be massaged several seconds before it finally comes on.The lower rack is not attached and is often hard to slide back into position. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:51:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
32836855	Bought this high cost dishwasher for my wife on mothers day, she hates.  Hard to load dishes.  Very concerned reading all the bad reviews.  I have learned you need to use the jet dry to get spots and good drying. My dishes come out clean but I always rinse them and dont load them with food on them.  Now, were getting a rotten food smell when we open the door if any dishes are in it.  Not sure what is happening...question if it was installed right or there is something with the design.  Guess I to spend allot of time researching and getting someone to look at it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:51:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	No		false
54376275	Just used my dishwasher for the first time today, and so far I absolutely love it! I gave it a real workout, too; my dirty dishes had been sitting in the sink for a LONG time. Some had been rinsed or soaked first, so I washed them on the regular cycle. The rest had food dried on them (I know, YUCK!) so they got the heavy-duty cycle. Both loads came out sparkling, even though our water pressure is only so-so. This is the first portable dishwasher I've ever tried, so I don't know how it compares to similar models, but I wish I'd bought this one a long time ago.The only problem I had was figuring out how to hook up the water inlet hose to the faucet of the kitchen sink. There was nothing in the instructions about how to do it, and it seemed as though the enclosed adapter didn't fit my older-style faucet. Went to a plumbing supply store thinking I'd have to buy an adapter for the adapter, but the nice gentleman at the counter just took the one that came with the dishwasher, popped the gasket off the top, and said I think it'll fit now. (Would have been really embarassing except that the clerk at the hardware store I went to first couldn't figure it out either.) Anyway, it did indeed hook up quite easily once that top gasket was removed.It should be noted that there is only one spray arm (at the bottom), not two as I believe was stated in the product description.As an aside, I didn't have a place on the counter where the dishwasher would fit, so I put casters on a breakfast bar table instead. Even though the casters are really small (due to the size of the table legs), the table holds and rolls the fully-loaded, running dishwasher with no trouble at all. Because the drain (water outlet) hose has to span the distance from table to sink, I took a large twist-tie and fastened the outlet hose it to the inlet hose as a precaution. It did the trick and kept the outgoing water headed down the drain.The only question that remains is how this appliance will hold up over time, which seems to be variable. If I only get a year out of mine, I'll still consider it well worth the price.UPDATE: Well, those final words in my initial review proved to be prophetic: after a little over a year of use, I walked into the kitchen to find the GFCI kicked off and water all over the floor. My guess is that the water hose either burst or came off inside, because there was no outward sign of a problem. I didn't bother getting it fixed because of an impending move; just gave it away to someone who was going to try to repair it himself. My evaluation stands: loved it, feel like I got my money's worth out of it during the year it worked; but add me to the list of people dissatisfied with the product's durability. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:51:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80337532	On 24 June of 2010 we purchased a complete Frigidaire Professional Kitchen Suite from HH Gregg. We purchased the 5 year extended warranty with it.Observations thus far: We have the Stainless/Fingerprintless version and love it. The finish is even amongst all the pieces and all are within tolerances for noise during normal operations. They're made by Electrolux, so the quality is in there.Specifics:Dishwasher (FPHD2481KF): Control board went dead shortly after installation, replaced by warranty in 3 days, flawless ever since. Quiet operation, simple homeowner installation.Gas Range (FPGF3081KF): Love it... warming drawer is nioce, the griddle is a godsend.Microwave (Over Range) (FPBM189KF): Works like a champ, easy to use, only complaint is the timer up/food done chimes get annoying.Refrigerator (Side by Side) (FPHS2687KF2) : Reliable, easy to set, great adjustability, only complaint is filters are pricey. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:52:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
68709715	I just bought this dishwasher a few weeks ago.. It's fantastic! No problems with it and it was a breeze to set up.. I have a pur water filter on my sink and it attached to it with no problems, didn't have to buy any extra parts. It gets my dishes sparkling clean. Saves me so much time cleaning dishes in my apartment. A little bit bigger than it looks online, but overall a fantastic buy... I simply bought a movable cart to roll it to the sink..... Would buy again... 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:52:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82162634	Have the ss model of this purchased at hd competitor.  Pros: really quiet, clean install and look, roomy and super clean dishes--wife really likes the red light that shows the unit is in the middle of a washWill report back after we've had it for a couple weeks/months but wanted to get a first review up here for folks to respond to and ask questions if they wantedCommenter asked...Paid under 800 and install was $150 + $20 or so for hose that is required.  Very clean install and took guy 1.5 to 2 hours.2 weeks in still veyr happy with this unit.  It's pricey but we wanted something good that would last a while.  We have a 9 month old and this cleans the bottles pretty well and the various silicone nipples and parts to pumps etc.  You need to get them in the right place by trial and error but it works well once you do.  The dishes come out really clean--this machine is a pleasure to use and the wife agrees. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:52:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50535865	It arrived in record time, was easy to setup and swap out the sink fixtures.  Instructions were spot on.  The best part is that it is very  quiet and doesn't annoy my neighbors, I live in a small apartment. Because I'm at work more than I am at home I rinse my dishes well and put in the washer and will wash once maybe twice a week.The amount of water used is very low so there is not a lot of waste.I did notice that when a cycle is over there was more water in the bottom than I would like so when it gets to the dry cycle I let it run for a minute or so and then shut it off and open the door and let the steam escape drying every thing very well.  Then I switch to the rinse cycle and start it back up and it will pump all the excess water out of the bottom.  Then I turn it off and turn the nob to where I will want it to start the next time and unplug.I hope it lasts because I'm really happy with it.I do use a little salt (water softener)  in the bottom of the washer along with the little square all in one products and my dishes come out perfectly clean.  I have  horrible hard water and this seems to work and I hope will prevent the washer from being damaged.Would recommend for a one person household and studio living. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:52:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64404679	I purchased 4 Electrolux SS products 4 years ago when I did a kitchen remodel. BIG mistake. The dishwasher, model 6105, leaked from the beginning. A repairman was unable to correct this, so I've lived with it leaking off and on for 4 years. Now the water has quit heating, so the dishes are not clean, have soap left on them and are wet. I do not want to put any more money in Electrolux appliances, so am opting to just junk this one and buy a Kitchenaid or Bosch. By the way, the refrigerator was replaced within the first year because my milk kept spoiling. Also, the lighted controls went out . BIG disappointment! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 20:52:50	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
91924640	We have had this dishwasher for three years and when we hit #8220;start#8221; it will work for a minute and then switch to #8220;clean.#8221; We find ourselves having to start and re-start the machine a minimum of three #8211; five times #8211; EVERY time! It is very frustrating. We are a family that does a lot of dishes and this dishwasher makes washing dishes by hand seem like the more convenient option. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:55:55	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	code / software defect, inconvenience complaint	true
31532409	It says commercial, however, not very sturdy. We are a small bar, only washed myabe 50 glasses on weeknights and a few hundred on weekends, never more than 500 in any night.  First the on off toggle switch became loose, a week later it started to smoke and the units breaker cut off and it died. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:55:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	toggle switch (button) and breaker defects, unreliability complaint	true
59256456	This is an excellent counter top dishwasher. It is my second counter top and by far the best. It holds more dishes and silverware than I thought it would. I like having the controls on top. My grandson can't reach them or open the door. The dishwasher cleans everything great. I also like the black color because it matches my stove. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:55:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
69291865	Didn't expect that a countertop dishwasher was going to be up to much.. however, this works great so far!Leaks a little bit into the sink when the adapter is connected, but that's really not a problem. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:55:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		true
46392115	If there is anyplace for water to accumulate such as in the 'foot' of a goblet or bowl, I find soap in it even when the cycle is through. I run the dishes through a second cycle just for rinsing. Other than that it works well. I wish there were another sprayer on the roof of the unit, but maybe that would make it unacceptable large and bulky, or too expensive, I don't know. The unit is pretty quiet and I can run it even when I am sleeping. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 20:55:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	inconvenience complaint	true
53003925	controller went out twice in two years.  I was able to fix with warranty for the first incident but the second one costed me bunch.  DO NOT buy any Frigidaire products.  I think they produce nothing but junk. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:01:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	controller defect	true
29418336	We have had the dishwasher for a little over a year. The top rack has broken 3-4 times. The rinse aid dispenser has broken. The electrical components started shorting out slightly after the 1 year mark. I had a tech out to fix but again the electrical components have gone out still another 6-7 times. Basically the dishwasher electrical will shut off altogether, then start working again at a later time. My prior track-home dishwasher was 10 years old and never had a single problem. I only replaced because it was noisy. This dishwashwer was quiet when I first purchased it but is not much louder when it runs. I called KitchenAid about my various problems and they told me there was nothing they could do and that dishwashers just weren't made the same quality nowadays as they used to be. I so REGRET this purchase. I am considering counting my losses and getting a Bosch. Also, this dishwasher does not dry the dishes. Cleaning is decent if you use the ProScrub option. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:01:03	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, unreliability complaint, Soap dispenser, Rack, Electrical component defects	true
31317452	I have a large family and this dishwasher is designed in such a way that I went from 2 loads per day with my other dishwasher to 1. I also never prewash I only scrape the plates and everything comes out very clean.I have used many different dishwashers through my live and this is by far the best one yet.The only neg. is that if you put the silverware in the door like it says you can there is nothing to hook the basket to. It just sits in there. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:01:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
87056481	Hello all, or Aloha all :)I was given this dishwasher. It was missing a part. I was told to order part number WD 0015 01. I was told this was the correct item by the person who gave it to me, and by the referred company. I just got my order today. It was in a box that was about 6 inches X 6 inches. So, knowing how companies love to pack oversize boxes with tiny parts, I wasn't too surprised. Now, my Haier DW has the hoses connected and the plug, of course. So, imagine my surprise, when I opened the box and finding what looks like a rubber washer! Am I missing something? I did download and print out the manual. The quick release is connected to the hose, as shown. Do I just fit this rubber ring/washer into the quick release to run the dishwasher? I actually was going to purchase this item from Amazon. Due to health reasons I am unable to sit or stand for long periods of time. Finances did not allow for an Amazon purchase but I read the reviews here to see the good and bad features. I read more good than bad. So, I printed the manual, and I think I am good to go. Do you see anything I could possibly be missing from my description that would prevent me from hooking it up and using it?Mahalo/Thanks! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:01:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	user is missing a dishwasher part. More of an inquiry than a review.	true
29987496	The only positive about this machine is the fact that it is quiet. Oh, pardon me, it looks nice too.  Sleek and minimalist design, almost all controls are hidden at the top of the door.  Too bad it doesn't wash dishes!  I have washed pots, pans, and dishes three times in a row in this machine and they just will not come clean!I called the retailer and they said that the machine requires a high efficiency dishwashing soap, so I scoured the grocery store to find one and all I could find that appeared to be the latest and greatest was a package of dishwashing pellets with a rinse agent built in.  These were made by Finish once known as Electrosol.  But there isn't actually any high efficiency dishwashing powder, or liquid, or pellet that I can see on the market.Even on the heavy setting, which goes on for over three agonizing hours, the dishes simply were not clean.  The wine glasses looked cloudy, the mixing bowls were caked with bits of food particles and above all, the dishes were soaking wet, covered with water after the end of the cycle and this is after a long, long drying cycle. You would have to remove every single dish and wipe it down if you want to avoid watermarks.  Who needs that?I purchased a package of Samsung products all in stainless and all at the same time. The fridge is terrific, beautiful, well made and stylish. The washer and dryer are a dream.  My range is Whirlpool because I wanted gas and Samsung doesn't make one.  But this dishwasher...I am sending it back to the retailer and I want something that will clean my dishes.  My word of advice here...buy some other brand! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:01:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
39370895	I have never even seen one of these yet I can leave a review.Doesn't this make anyone wonder?Are all of these one star reviews accurate?  Maybe, maybe not. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:37:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	not an actual review	false
59811727	Worked great from the start. I've been using it nearly every day, sometimes several times a day. Space is a premium, and money is always tight. This was a perfect choice I'll never regret. Easy to set up and simple to use, without wasting much energy or water. Easy to clean up food bits, and always seems to get things clean. Nice loud beep when it's done with a load.Edit: after being used several times a day for nearly 2 years with our very hard water it began to have issues. At first it was just a little leak but very quickly that became a huge mess as all the water dumped out all over. The seal at the bottom looked as though it had been rubbed away. Perhaps with less use it may have lasted longer. I don't regret the purchase, I just think this was meant for much lighter use. We replaced it this year with a Danby 8 place portable dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:37:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
86120417	I have owned this Electrolux dishwasher for several years and I can't wait for it to completely break so I can replace it.  It no longer cleans very well. Is not as quiet as it once was.  Had to replace a filter component that broke within 2 years and not covered by warranty.  The roller assembly is now coming apart when I slide the top shelf out.  Replacement part is less than $25 but I have to completely remove the dishwasher to replace them.  The door squeaks when you open and close it.  Just an overpriced piece of junk.  Buy something else. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:37:22	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24099725	I hate to do dishes and I live in a small apartment.  I bought this dishwasher over four years ago and it is still going strong.  It was very easy to set up, I had no problems at all.  I've never had one problem with it and I often use it several times a day.  I even wash my pots and pans in this sweet little thing.  I find the dishwasher detergent packs are very convenient.  You do have to clean out the strainer each time.  Just a few minor complaints...it doesn't fit under my cabinets, and the dry cycle is useless.Here is my advice:  When it is on the dry cycle, turn it off and open the door.  The dished come out hot and sterilized, and will dry in a few minutes.  Also, don't leave the water turned on once the washer is done, there can be a preasure build up and the connection can dislodge (no emergency, but if you are not home your water will be running).No need to turn the water on full blast, you can use just a trickle if you want, it will just take more time to fill up.  No need to use hot water either, it has its own heating element.Over all, it has been a blessing to have this machine to do the dirty work. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:37:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67078896	Two months after owning the Kitchenaid KUDS30IXSS, plastic parts attaching wheel to rack structure broke and the entire rack fell down.  Poor construction, designed obsolescence taken a bit too far here on the part of KitchenAid (Whirlpool Corp).  Remember when deciding to buy a Kitchenaid, it is owned by Whirlpool.Initial satisfaction was high in terms of cleaning dishes, however the CANCEL button on the front of the unit has a tendency to fire if you lean against the unit or even just brush with your thigh as you walk by (which does happen in a Kitchen).  When you have a big family and you just started the dishwasher and 20 min into the job it CANCELs just because you walk by - big waste of time.  Engineers as Whirlpool should consider reducing the sensitivity of the cancel button or perhaps requiring a triple push by the user???  This is something that should keep the engineers at whirlpool awake at night! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:37:22	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
16401851	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned.  It does not turn off after cleaning a load.And unless you have perfectly flat plates, your dishes will not fit.  I can NOT do 1 day's worth of dishes in 1 load.  It takes 3 loads of the dishwasher to clean 2 days of dishes for 2 adults and 2 children.  THREE loads for a Thanksgiving dinner for 4 people.  And after 5 months,  some of the flip levers in the dish baskets broke off.  Now, after 13 months one of the spinners fell off in the machine.Consumer reports rated this very high.  Maybe they had just tested medical marijuana???Anyway, when you make a mistake with an appliance you use every day.  It will slowly drive you crazy.  I miss my old $350 dollar dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:41:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
56318324	I have a tiny apartment with almost no counter space but I was still able to find room for this. Such a worthwhile investment, it saves me so much time over hand washing.It takes some effort / tools to install the adapter to your faucet and it does change the water flow. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:41:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25524245	11/01/08 update:twice in the past month this unit has been serviced.  It was clogged with small particals of food so it wasn't recycling the water back to the jets.  the service man (not certified by Maytag) said that many dishwashers have this problem, so now I do a better job of scraping plates, I still don't rinse.originial review:We chose our Maytag Quiet Series for practical reasons, the color and size that we needed was in-stock. But, for many reasons, it was love at first run and continues to be for more than a year now.everyday reasons to love it- good price range- very quiet- even tall or bulky items fit really well- the three water jets get everything cleangreen reasons to love it- built in food grinder eliminates need to pre-rinse (scrape off the bulk though)- Auto Clean uses the right amount of water for each load- Energy-saver Dry option still gets each load spotless (I don't use a rinse aid)- Energy Star certified 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:41:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62841784	It washes dishes, it does a great job, its quiet.  We threw out our dish drainer, and we don't miss it! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:41:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
63252249	Works great and quiet! Fits perfect on the counter top, and has made dishes a whole lot easier, a must have for a small apartment! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:41:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82375249	Guess I'm the first here to review the Samsung DMT400RHS.  Some background first.  We purchased our house new about 10 years ago.  The original appliances (dishwasher and stove) were low end Kenmore.  REALLY low end Kenmore.  Although both the electric range and dishwasher were still functional we decided it would be nice to upgrade with new equipment.  I began searching for a new dishwasher about a year ago.  Almost pulled the trigger on a high end LG but was reluctant as it was expensive (on sale at $799) and the reviews were all over the place.  They ranged from it being the greatest dishwasher ever to being junk.  I passed and kept looking.  Well, President's Day sales came along and there were some good deals out there especially at the big box stores.  (NOTE: I did not purchase the Samsung from Amazon.  I love Amazon but the price at the box store was just too good to pass up.)  I kept searching the net and reading reviews, lots of reviews.  Talked to my wife and she said, ok, but just don't buy the most expensive one as we think we'll be moving in another 4 yrs.  Just get a good middle of the road model.  I narrowed my search down to two brands, Bosch and Samsung.  Both had good products with low noise levels (51db for the Samsung), stainless steel interiors, food disposer, energy efficient, leakage detection, and low water consumption (4.7 gal/load I believe).  Both brands were good looking and seemed to be solidly built and both had units that were stainless steel exteriors.  One other feature that I thought I wanted was a delayed start.  How many times have I started the old noisy dishwasher right before going to bed and had to listen to the whoooossssh and clank as it ran through its motions right next to our bedroom.  Arrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggh!  After reading a bunch of reviews  I decided on the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It was a notch down from the top of the line which meant it was a bit easier on the wallet but it didn't have the time delay feature.  Hey, it's supposed to be quiet.  At least all the reviews I read said so.  Well, that home improvement store that sponsors Jimmy Johnson had it in stock but another big box had it too and was considerably cheaper.  Called Big Box #1 and asked if they priced matched and they said yes.  Off to the store with printed documentation of the cheaper price at Big Box #2 (S**rs).  They said that they only priced matched if it was in stock and it was and they gave me that price and an additional 10% off.  I also purchased a Samsung Electric Range FTQ353IWUX (review later when we've had some time with the range)with the same documentation.  THEN, they had a deal where if you purchased a tax gift card they would credit you back 10% of the amount on the gift card on 18 Mar 11.  Got the total price for the two plus installation on the dishwasher and bought a gift card for that amount and used it for the purchase.  On Mar 18 I'll get a credit and probably go buy a new weedeater.  Ok, back to the dishwasher.  I wasn't home for the install but my wife noticed the difference between the old and the new immediately.  The old Kenmore was cheap.  There's just no other way to describe it.  When the plumber was pulling the old one out she noted that it was just a shell with some hoses and weighed practically nothing.  The Samsung was a different story.  First, it was heavy, second it was enclosed.  Score 1 for the Samsung.  The unit comes with some side plates and a kick plate and when installed looks great.  Score 2 for the Samsung.  This thing is solid.  You open the door and it doesn't fall down like the old one, you have to lower it down.  It closes with a solid feeling something like closing the door of a good car.  No latches to slide you just close it.  The controls (hidden) are on the top edge of the door and I thought that might be a problem as there isn't any room to get to them with the door closed.  Not a problem, before closing the door you set the controls.  Power button (all are touch sensitive) press and wait for the chimes and the other buttons to light up.  Select the wash setting (I've be using automatic but you have the option of normal, heavy or delicate), and then select sanitize (heats up the rinse water to 162F) if you wish.  Close the door and the three blue progress lights on the front of the door light up and then just the first stays illuminated indication washing.  Light #2 indicates dry and light # 3 indicates clean.  So, how does it clean?  AWESOME!  Glasses, dishes and dinnerware come out great.  This dishwasher is so cooooooooool, I just want to find stuff to put in it so I can run the darn thing.A couple of things to note.  First, there is a bit of learning curve to loading this thing.  The racks are laid out a bit differently than our old washer so I have to think about how I'm putting stuff in.  No real problem as there is a lot of room.  The upper rack is a bit different as it is tiered, has four rows and each is a bit different in height.  Short glasses on the left and progressively taller ones to the right.  The top rack also has some plastic holders for stemware.  Nice touch there.  Hmmm, is it Score 3 for Samsung?  The dinnerware holders are a bit different too.  They have lids with cutouts so you place your knives and forks in them or not.  You can flip the top up for stuff that won't fit the holes.  Another thing that takes some getting accustomed to is the wash times.  I think all these new dishwashers take a long time to go through their cycles.  I believe that it's due to their low water consumption.  Whatever, don't expect to put your dishes in and turn it on and be ready in an hour.  Think the was times are closer to 2 or 2.5 hrs.  Doesn't really matter as we usually run it before bed time.  Something that will also take some getting used to is the rinse aid bin.  Now we've always used the 3-in-1 dishwashing tabs (yes, they fit in the detergent bin) that include the rinse aid but the Samsung has a separate bin to put liquid rinse aid in.  I've used the same tabs and they seem to work fine but the indicators on the top lid show a low rinse aid if the bin is empty.  Hmmmm, don't want to burn out the light but do I really need to add a liquid rinse aid if I'm using the 3-in-1 tabs??????  Lastly, my concern about not getting the delay start......no problem.  This thing is quiet, I mean really quiet.  There is no whoooooooooossssssssh or clank or bonk.  Used to be you couldn't have a normal conversation in the kitchen with the old dishwasher now you could put a sleeping baby in crib next to the Samsung and not wake'em up.  Sweet.As you can tell, I heartily recommend the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It looks great (buy some stainless steel wipes to keep it that way), it's super quiet, it cleans great, good feature set,  and it was at the right price.  There are two more Samsung dishwashers, one above this one (DMT 800) and one below (DMT 300) that you might consider depending on features and price.  Additionally, the DMT400 comes in black or white and both are a bit cheaper than the stainless steel.  You won't go wrong with this one.  Cheers04/03/11Update.  Everything is working great.  The Samsung is still quiet and we are learning a bit more about loading.  One thing I have learned is not to load large plates on the bottom rack below the detergent dispenser.  We have a set of plates that are square and quiet large.  Made the mistake of loading them on the lower left side front right below the detergent dispenser.  After the wash was finished I opened the door and the dispenser flap popped open and out came a slightly used washing tab.  The large plate had interfered with the dispenser opening properly. Oh well, adjusted the load so that smaller plates were left front and ran the wash again.  Problem solved.  Other than that, everything is fine.  The Samsung still is very quiet, especially when running a full load.  A bit more noise when half full or loaded with some large glass bowls.  Funny, but when I first started looking for a new dishwasher I thought that Bosch was great.  You know how when you go back to the Amazon page they list all kinds of stuff in the same category that you have been looking at and they listed a couple of Bosch dishwashers.  Well, just checked them out and was surprised when I checked some reviews of similarly priced models to the Samsung and there were complaints regarding build quality ie the stainless steel interior being flimsy.  No complaints here.  The Samsung has a great build both inside and out.  I haven't tried any of the wash cycles other than auto and sanitize so I can't comment on that.  Might have to check them out.  Anyway, I'm loving the Samsung.  I'll turn it on at night and head to bed and TELL my wife that the dishwasher is on :).One of the things I love about Amazon are the reviews so I try and add to them hoping that it will help someone else make a good decision.  If anyone has any questions/comments, send 'em and I'll answer.  Kind of surprised that nobody else has reviewed this model.  Kinda lonely being the one. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:43:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77223842	I am extremely satisfied with my Haier America HDT18PA Space Saver Compact Dishwasher.  It does a wonderful job washing my dishes and let me tell you...it gets them clean...no leftover food particles or residue (I checked every dish for an entire week as I put the dishes away).The perfect size for apartments, campers, rvs, anywhere!  My new dishwasher replaced my old dish draining rack...what perfect fit!  And my Haier dishwasher is not chintzy; it is a solid machine, and created with superior craftsmanship.I figured that the money I paid for the dishwasher is much cheaper than all the time I waste standing there doing dishes.  I can spend time with my family after dinner, instead of being chained to the sink.  The Haier Space Saver Compact Dishwasher can wash the dishes faster than I can...6 minutes for a rinse and hold cycle, 21 minutes for a normal cycle (42 minutes for a normal wash and dry), and 42 minutes for a heavy cycle (53 minutes for entire heavy wash and dry).  I was shocked to see how little water the washer uses.  And according to the energy saver sticker that was attached, washing 6 loads per week, for an entire year would only cost $26.00 worth of electric.  That's cheap!Not only am I in a much better mood now, my husband doesn't hear me nag about having to wash the dishes anymore.  The Haier America HDT18PA is a definite must buy! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:43:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
6458575	Love this dishwasher!  Our previous dishwasher was a cheap Frigidaire, so this sooo much better.  I purchased it at a sears outlet, so it only was $550.  Easy to install, very happy about this purchase.ProsCleans very wellGlasses look super super cleanAdjustable racks and holdersConsNot sure yet, but will list if problems arise. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:43:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46235628	I've only had this Bosch dishwasher for a month so it might be a little premature to rate it, but I am extremely happy with it. For five years I had a different brand dishwasher from which the glasses came out dirtier than when they went in. This dishwasher does what it's supposed to - clean dishes!I'm still figuring out the best way to load my dishes, but it comes with a very detailed instruction book which gives suggestions.I've only used the auto cycle and the regular wash cycle so far and prefer the auto.Update January 2013: It is still doing a great job - dishes, pots, and glasses come out very clean. My only complaint is the small capacity and the difficulty trying to put it large bowls; they don't fit in efficiently, taking up a lot of space. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:43:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50426305	We have this unit in our home, and it was put in for us by the listing agent... It does not get that warm inside, so I have no idea how well it sanitizes the dishes.  I can ope it on the hot cycle and grab a piece of silverware.  If you have a dishwasher worth anything you should not be able to do this.And it is odd to me that it does not hold as many dishes as a normal 24 inch machine, but the trays are not well designed especially the top tray.I would not have bought this cheap thing, and I wish that they would have left the old 70s/80s model machine even though it did not match the other appliances.Buy a better model. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:43:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
45728295	The dishwasher lasted just over the 12 month warranty before stopping completely. When we had a repairman come out to look at it (and our Whirlpool fridge and our Whirlpool stove/oven), he told us it would be a three week wait for the new control panel (it's always the electronics in these things), and $250 for the part/labor. I am not dumping any more money into a Whirlpool product. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:49:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel defect, stopped working/unreliable complaint	true
33950867	We have  owned an Amana dishwasher and microwave for 3/2 years respectively and have had nothing but trouble--always with the front control panel!! We have spent much money with a serviceman coming and telling us the humidity is the problem and to use a blow dryer on the panel!! It will work for a while and stop again this time with Christmas dishes loaded and a dishwasher not starting. Yes it is humid in the summer months on Cape Cod but not in December! Very unreliable and I will not have another service call telling me the same thing. Its time for businesses to stand by the product they sell and take care of a faulty problem. I am now looking for a dishwasher and microwave (medium priced) with a different control panel and a business that will stand by their product! It really is too bad because otherwise the machine cleaned the dishes very well--when it started! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:49:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliabe complaint, control panel defect	true
41179111	From our point of view, this dishwasher was a mistake. It works, but needs a lot of fussing and maintenance.  Here's our experience.1) Initially, we were impressed. The machine is VERY quiet and it has a cleverly designed rack that lets you load in big serving platters or stack, say, mixing bowls on top of plates. But it quickly became apparent that it wasn't cleaning those bowls well. It had all this extra capacity, but if you actually used it you would be sorry. The salesman at the store said this was because dishwasher soap had been reformulated to eliminate phosphates. Between that and the minimal water usage (another feature), the machine just didn't have enough oomph to clean a big load. After a lot of tinkering, we solved this by increasing the amount of drying agent used per load and adding half a cup of Borax per load--a nuisance.2) Then we discovered that the gasket on the bottom over the washer mechanism is badly designed--it lets gunk into the system, and after it builds up a while the gunk starts to coat the dishes. You can clean out the area, but this involves removing 13 screws (maddeningly, one of them is a different size than the others) and pulling out a number of pieces. We have ended up having to clean it out about once every six months.3) Finally, after a year and a half, we began getting an 0e error. The dishwasher would stop with the indicator flashing 0e, which indicates that the washer is overflowing.  But it wasn't overflowing--the washer was stopping just as the water began flowing in. We ended up having to remove a float sensor on the side of the machine and clean out everything around it, which took a couple of hours. I expect we'll have to do this again.In short, the machine doesn't really clean dishes that well, and truly can't clean itself, which has been a problem for us. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:49:00	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	unreliable and cleanliness complaint, float sensor, gasket defects	true
31835469	This dishwasher has three positives: it fits in smaller than normal spaces, it has ample features (control options), and it cleans and dries well. It also has three negatives: relatively small capacity (understandable to accommodate the smaller exterior size), mediocre rack design, and the annoying beep when the door is open.We've had this unit a couple months, and it's okay. I don't like the rack layout - it's not the most efficient design to stack dishes.  I hate the beep.  But the good thing about it is that it fits in the space we've got.We originally bought a standard size dishwasher to replace our 15-year old one.  When the guy tried to install it we were dismayed to see that it was a half inch too tall for our counter. A frustrating search for something that would fit led us to discover that the few available ADA-compliant units have a smaller height and width requirement. At that point, and even now, we're just glad to have one that didn't require us to replace our countertop.I gave it 4 stars but that's only in the context of small dishwashers. If I rated it against standard size units it would have been probably 2 stars.The bottom line is this: if your kitchen can handle a standard dishwasher, then don't buy this one. You'd pay more for it and have less capacity.  However if you need a smaller unit then this is okay.  It's not great but it's adequate, it got better reviews than the few other similar-size units we found, and it beats raising the countertop by a long shot. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:49:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design, size, noise complaints	true
69388071	What could be so bad about a dishwasher that doesn't 't clean?? A nightmare. Never worked properly from the day it was installed. Soap caked in the dispenser.. And dishes were dirty. Many  repairmen were sent by Kitchenaid to repair unit.. This was never accomplished. After waiting home many days for the various repairmen to show up...and with much of the dishwasher laying on my kitchen floor as many attempts was made to repair it..It became obvious I was fighting a #34;dirty#34; battle. Finally..the very last repairman stated. #34;The reason it is so quiet is because it has a very small motor..which generates no water pressure for the sake of quietness...and thus...Dirty Dishes.#34;I finally got it. I paid for the top of the line. I got a quiet dishwasher...that could not clean dishes. Give me back my 15 year old dishwasher that I gave away when I bought into this hype. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:49:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	soap dispenser defect	true
77501237	I've had this dishwasher since Nov. of 2007. I think after 5 years of usage my review is pretty accurate.Pro:It will clean the dishes on the heavy duty cyle well.Cons:1. Very loud. I can't hear the tv in the living room or have a conversation with someone in the kitchen when the dishwasher is running.2. I have to frequently add extra water in the begining of the cylce because some times the disherwasher won't add any and will run dry. Without water in the tub how are the dishes supposed to come clean?3. There is only one cycle if you want your dishes clean...heavy duty.4. It hasn't broken yet....yes I've tried to curse this dishwasher so I can buy a new one. Sigh...still working. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:52:09	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
23123687	I like others, woe the day that I bought this dishwasher. It is very stylish and quiet most of the time.  It seems the first  and second cycle are more noisy than the rest which are very quiet.  After using it for three months we still have not found a way to place dishes and bowls so that they will stay upright and not touch other dishes.  As other have said be careful not to block the soap dispensing door with a tall item.  We have tired all the cycles and have not found one that will continually get the dishes and glasses clean.  There are always a few pieces in every load have to be rewashed, usually by hand because of dried on debris.  I feel that because the machine uses so little water that it never gets any hot water, as before the hot water travels all the way from the hot water tank to the dishwasher, the machine is full. Even if you run your hot water, there is so little in the machine that it is easily cooled down by the cold dishes and interior of the machine.  This dishes are only dry if I run the machine at night and then take them out the next morning, but there are still a few wet items.  I can't believe that Samsung has produced such an inferior product.  All seven low end dishwashers that I have owned previously have done a better job than this one.  Has anyone seen an explanation from Panasonic? 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:52:09	No Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
81830272	Purchased in May '11 (KUDS30CXSS).  Looks nice...does ok cleaning.However, its really easy to bump the controls and turn on/off.  So, then you rely on the control lock, and thats a PITA.  Seemingly, the washer stops running on its own sometimes.  No clue.Now, after just 6 months of use, the little prongs that hold the wheels for the upper rack are broken.  In looking for the replacement parts - no, I don't want to deal with KitchenAid's warranty non-sense - I find the part is $17-24...and some of the online web sites are backordered for this part.  So, looks like Whirlpool/KitchenAid designed a part destined to break and the replacement parts are getting snatched up.So, based on the annoyances with the controls and parts, I give this a two star rating.  Its that high because it does clean...but, really, don't buy this one. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:52:09	No Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
50649394	We bought a new house several weeks ago.  I needed a new refrigerator, washer, dryer, and dishwasher.  The dishwasher was to replace the builder grade GE that came with the house.  As many others did, I researched and read tons of reviews.  I came to the conclusion that there is no such thing as a universally positively reviewed appliance of any kind.The GE that was in the house before was awful - one batch of dishes after having spaghetti sauce, and the white interior was pink from that point forward.  It was also horribly loud.  We tried not to run it when we would be in the general area.  Even running it at night, I could hear it from the master bedroom.  It was also difficult to load, and did not offer much space.And then, along came this Kitchenaid.  It is like night and day, and yes I do think you get what you pay for.  I was eligible for an employee discount from Whirlpool, so I did get this model for less than retail, but it is still fairly expensive.  Why do I love it so?  It is substantial - stainless tub, heavy door, satisfyingly substantial.  It has TONS of room in the tub.  I like how easy it is to adjust the top dish rack up and down to accommodate various sizes of pots or dishes.  I also like the utensil rack at the top, and I have used that quite a few times already.  We have found it very easy to load - we have Fiestaware dishes and a variety of pots and pans, including a stock pot and a range of saute pan sizes.  No problem loading any of them so far.  It has many washing/drying options, and I like the inclusion of a 1-hour quick wash for those days when I'm doing a lot of cooking and need to turn dishes around quickly.But the best thing of all is....how *quiet* it is.  We really cannot tell when it's running.  We have put our hands on it several times just to confirm that the blue indicator light isn't lying to us.I also read some complaints about steam venting onto cabinets.  There is a small vent on the upper left side of the unit, and a few said that it blew steam onto their cabinets.  I have not seen this happen at all, and I have been watching for it.  No steam, no moisture on the cabinets.As it has only been a few weeks, I'm still curious to see if we run into any problems.  So far, so good.  If that changes, I will update my review. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:52:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68370374	This is one of the best ones out there and yes you can replace your regular D/ W wit this one. Couple bucks in plumbing stuff and build a cabinet with a shelf, put a drawer under mine, and a outlet behind it and done. Nice feature, never have to work on it, could swap it out in 5 minutes if it ever goes bad. It's so neat an idea, I was going to make a version to sell at my appliance store that I work in, but might be a conflict of interest one my part with the company I work with. Lots of pluses going this way. But tricky to load and put the big plates in the back, run every day. Would buy this for a spare, but mine might never go out. 5 stars from Frank, an appliance repair person for over 30 years. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:52:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40821016	I have had this dishwasher for 13 years. It has always worked perfectly until this year when the pump stopped working.I have been very satisfied with this item, my only complaint is the noise level which is quite high, but flawless performance. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:52:17	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
50872647	We received this dishwasher as a Christmas gift. It has been over six months and the washer is still working as well as it did day one! Washing dishes is the one chore that the two of us cannot stand, and in our tiny apartment kitchen, dishes pile up quickly. The washer is the perfect size. We load and run it almost every other night. We can even fit smaller pots and pans in with some loads. Excellent product, worth the price! My one recommendation would be to use jet dry rather than off brand rinse aid, it makes a lot of difference... But other than that, we love our dishwasher! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:52:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47358225	grinding noise started after three months... too loud to have a conversation over... new pump made it go away but still returns...Seems to be a very common problem that they are ignoring to address... 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:52:17	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
71479593	I was not convinced this would be big enough for my needs but boy was I wrong!  I love everything about this dishwasher, it is easy to hook up and run. It does a great job on everything. And the price is so low....I would reccomend this to anyone who lives in an apartment and has limited space! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:52:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78676186	We purchased this exact item at a local store. We are very pleased with the performance. We find the 3 wands do a fantastic job cleaning the dishes. We are also amazed at how much quieter this dishwasher is compared to our Quiet-MayTag we replaced. It really is a quiet machine in our opinion.We like the interior coating. We like the sanitize option. We like the ONLY top or bottom cycle OPTION. It has many options for dish washing too... light, regular, pots/pans etc.This dishwasher has many upgrades, and is comparable to a higher priced dishwasher, for a much lower cost. I have heard others who have chosen this model for the same reason--more for the money!The only drawback we found, is the motor sits rather low. Unless you raise the legs up, it actually sits on the floor. We also noticed that the parts are not superior to the older model we discarded... but what isn't changed more to plastics these days than the expensive metals! Right!It is made in Canada, and uses only 315 KWHours/year. We are all round pleased with this model. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:52:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
20572736	While it is a little larger than I anticipated, this little dishwasher works like a dream.  It's very easy to connect and disconnest from the sink in my kitchen, and the liminate top adds additional counter space to my petite kitchen.  Best new addition to my small apartment ever. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:55:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
81355032	We have had this dishwasher for over a year now. We bought it because we liked the water and energy saving features, as well as the fact that the buttons are hidden when the door is closed. It is also super quiet. But by now we are quite disappointed with its performance. The energy saving cycle really did not produce clean dishes, so we are using the standard cycles now. But even those often leave cups and cutlery dirty, especially if they are placed too close to the corners of the rack. The design of the racks is quite aggravating. My old Miele never had any problems of this sort and I regret not having stayed with that brand. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:55:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design and cleanliness complaints	true
18657855	compact and works well. Great for trailer or appt. it was a good investment my girlfriend loved it and stuff 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:55:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
69598090	This dishwasher is great. All the dishes come out clean and shiny. As other reviewers wrote only regular size dinner plates fit into it. I don't load it only with the plates, I wash pots, pans, large bowls etc. Of course I can only load limited amount of these kind of dishes, but whatever is left out I run the second cycle. The dishwasher doesn't have dry function so after the cycle is finish I open up the door and let the dishes dry. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:55:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
64437631	I went into this purchase with some hesitation. But in the end I am really glad I purchased this. I live in a small apartment with my boyfriend where space is a premium and it takes up no more room then a drying rack would. I have really put it through the paces since I got it having done 4 loads immediately. Each time it cleaned everything spotless. It is easy to use/setup and super quiet. It is built really durable as well. I am really happy with this purchase.Update: I have now owned this little box of awesome for 7 months now. It still works as well as it did on day one and I haven't had a single issue with it. I don't know how I lived without it. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:55:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
66200486	Replaced a 12 yr old Bosch that wasn't advancing from one cycle to the next...Cost to replace part was $250 + who knows what else was worn out?Was a little apprehensive about getting a lower end model, but so far so good...very quiet! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:59:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
83836175	If you are looking for a dishwasher that actually cleans, this is not the one you want. The water did not get hot, dishes came out dirty, did not dry dishes, cycle was al least an hr long, dishes must be prewashed prior to washing in this dish washer(defeats the purposs of a dishwasher), all in all, the best place to put this is in the trash. I had a hard time giving it away, once I did, it was then passed to at least 3 other people who really could only get a good laugh out of it. A ridiculous piece of equipment. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:59:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, time	true
13856252	LDF6920ST Life is NOT good (borrowed from another reviewer).  3 1/2 years in, beautiful appearance, love the hidden buttons.  Made an assumption on quality when I purchased without doing the research.  Now, water on the floor (bottom vent).  Dishes do not come clean, never did, even using the Power cycle, and washing by hand before loading.  Heard grinding noise for a half-dozen washes that has gone away.  High-pitched whine on every wash.  Was over to RepairClinic to scope out some new parts.  But, am going to scrap it after reading page after page of the same reviews - it's a waste of time, effort, and sanity to try to repair this piece of worthless junk.  Bye bye LG. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:59:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	leak, cleanliness, noise	true
44380617	Overall I'm really really happy with this purchase, I enjoy not having to wash every dish by hand and it has cleared up counter space in my small kitchen to no longer have dishes out drying. The reasons that I gave 4 stars instead of 5 are that 1) with the hefty delivery fee charged they should be able to bring it past the threshold, the box is too large, heavy and unwieldy for someone my size to manage; and 2) I wish that it didn't take almost 2 hours from start to finish to clean the dishes.Other than that I only have positive things to say - its attractive, quiet, and cleans really well. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:59:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	time, external size	true
80836971	Nothing but problems from day 1. Purchased all new appliances in 2010. Very poorly constructed and noisy. Now it flashes an error code and will not run. We have had issues with each appliance out of the entire set. Not only would I avoid this diswasher, but I would avoid Frigidaire all together. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 21:59:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cheap, noisy	true
20706978	I paid up to have the silver and they sent the white. huge pain to return as it's 50 pounds and I can't even lift e box to take to UPS.I will post a review once I get the correct one and actually use it.NOT HAPPY!!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:59:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20295599	This little machine is a life safer on the road in our little RV.  The set up instructions are on YouTube, no trip to the hardware store required.  At  Amazon you get the best price for the machine. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:59:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
30715230	Bought this dishwasher 2 months ago - had been installed and working for 6 weeks before it went completely dead!  Another 8 days for a technician to come out under the warranty....only to find out it needs a new control and at this point have no idea when that repair will be completed.  Very disappointed for the money....6 weeks?  Apparently this problem is common on this dishwasher and must be ordered to be replaced.  Not happy with my purchase right now. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:59:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50661130	I did a lot of research before purchasing this dishwasher locally. It seemed to work Ok for the first few weeks, but then the soap dispenser would not open and drop in the Electrosol Tab (the recommended product) into the dishwasher. So now I just place the tablet inside one of the utensil trays before running it. Then yesterday when I opened the dishwasher door after running a small load, I was surprised to see small rust spots all over the inside of the stainless steel surface of the door. I first tried just wiping the spots off with a wet cloth, then tried cleaning it off Tilex spray, then Stainless Steel spray cleaner...but the spots would not budge.This morning I called Bosch customer service for their advise on addressing the problem. The first response was that this was just a cosmetic issue not covered after the first 30 days. Second, that if I had ever cleaned the surface with Chlorox it could cause the surface to rust. Since I would have no reason to try and clean rust stains from the inside of the door until today, that was no help. The final advice was to try and clean it with a product called CLR, a product recommended to clean mineral and rust stains...otherwise, since this was just a cosmetic issue it was not covered under the warranty (period).All of the major, and most of the minor appliances, in my kitchen are stainless steel, and over the past 15 years none has ever had rust spots appear on them...so this was a big disappointment with the new Bosch. Otherwise the dishwasher does run very quiet, and seems to do an adequate job so far. Just not too happy with the rust spots, and the cool brush off by Bosch customer service. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:59:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
89153336	To be fair, I do not know if my landlord installed my dw correctly. It only uses cool water (under 80 deg) even if I use the Hi Temp Wash button. It has 3 settings; Heavy duty, normal and 1 hour.  Normal takes about 90 min. Its very loud even though its touted as quiet. I have to scrub my dishes hard before putting in.  But it still cleans lousy with cold water since the grease stays on.Whirlpool if you read this contact Apex Property in Bellingham and let them know that I am not happy at all with your product.  Maybe you can send a new one. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 21:59:14	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74030004	This countertop dishwasher is great. The dishes get clean and it holds most every size of dish. It beats washing them by hand. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:59:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15697236	Most important to me was the no leak features since we have hardwood in the kitchen.  I was willing to pay more to get that.  Very quiet, and cleans well.  Important to just scrape not rinse dishes so sensors will determine the length of wash cycle as the water is recycled.  A cycle run with water glasses will be shorter than one with greasy dishes.  Filter needs cleaning occasionally.  The easy to lower top rack feature for taller items is handy.  Removing the top rack to accommodate something huge is also fine but I never use that feature.  Rinse agent and powdered or Finish Powerball detergent for better drying performance is recommended and, at least in my water situation, is necessary.  Uses less water so there is a need to adjust the amount of detergent appropriate for your water hardness to prevent etching.  It's load capacity is a little lower and it doesn't get plastic completely dry.  It doesn't have a heating coil. Using the sanitize cycle boosts the drying.  It is different than the rest.  I wanted durability, water and energy savings, clean dishes, and a no leak feature. If you follow the manual and give it what it wants you might like it.  If I had also wanted super big capacity, a shorter lifespan, and too hot to handle glassware I'd have replaced it with what I got rid of. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:59:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48060845	I have an LG dishwasher and I will never buy one again. Please do not buy one. They are terrible. It is only 2 years old and already needs repair. Never has dried the dishes correctly; I have to open the door right after it is done washing and let the air dry them. Water spots on all the glass, no matter what types of rinse agents I use. The wash cycle takes over 2 hours.  The only good thing about it is that is is very very quiet. But it was very expensive, and not reliable and does not do a good job as a dishwasher. I wish I never bought it, but too late for me. Not for you though! Keep on looking! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:59:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
88128839	I got this as a gift for someone who was expecting a baby and it's quite handy for keeping bottles, nipples, etc clean and sanitary.  For that purpose it's aces! Nice and quiet, compact, and works quite well.Simple to install and use, so far no leaks or problems. It's small so you either have to be very creative with how you load it, or do frequent small batches. Would buy again! 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:59:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62911611	I got this back in the April. I had never used a dishwasher before and it took me a while to get a good clean out of it. When I started using this at first, nothing was getting clean. Not even fingerprints on the dishes. I always had to pre-clean my dishes, which made this thing nothing more than a dish sanitizer instead of a dishwasher. But then I switched detergents, which made a huge difference. Tonight, I really put it to the test with dishes with stuck on spaghetti sauce and bbq sauce. No pre-cleaning. And I used the intensive cleaning setting. The dishes came out completely clean. Not a trace of food, sauce or fingerprints. The main reason I gave it 4 stars is that 1) I can't see how this thing can fit as many dishes as it says. You'd have to be eating off a set of miniature dishes to do that. And 2)I shouldn't need an intense setting or high performance detergent to wash a fingerprint off a plate. 	kriss95	10-25-2015 21:59:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
61843444	There are some great things about this dishwasher (built 2003) and some things that are not so great. The best thing about the dishwasher is how easy it is to load and unload. For a household of two or three people, you find yourself filling and emptying the top drawer only, and once a day. No stooping, pulling out separate trays, trying to get silverware in basket at ankle level, and no door down tripping hazard. It is well built, quiet, and customer service is great. Love calling and finding a friendly Aussie to chat with (CS is in Australia, not NZ). And compared to my new washer, the dishes were dry.But there are issues related to the design that make it less than trouble free. The basic problem is inherent with the two drawer concept. First it is a matter of drawer space particularly height. Because you have two pump agitator units and separate drawers each with a lid assembly the drawer is shallow and your bigger dishes  may not fit or something may block the lid from closing (resulting in flooding error.)  Also the distance between the spray arm and the dish rack is so close any thing slightly sticking down will block the arm and your dishes aren't clean. But with care in loading you can avoid both of these issues. (techniques I learned, my wife didn't) But others you can't.Each drawer has separate fill and drain hoses. These have to extend in and out each  time you open or close the door. There is a harness that keeps the hoses from kinking.  The plastic harness eventually will break and then your troubles begin. (I'm told the new ones have a better harness design.) Also the mechanism that raises and lowers the door may stick resulting in flooding. When I say flooding I don't mean it floods your kitchen, the washer immediately goes into an alarm error mode that empties the water and will not stop buzzing until you cut the power to the washer.The first time my FP flooded I called in a serviceman. I watched him fix it, and subsequently each time I had a flooding error I, myself, took out the drawer, mopped up the water with a bath towel, dried out the space, put back on the drawer . But this is not an easy thing and is annoying particularly if this one hour job happens a couple times a year.  The serviceman told me in his opinion the washer is well built and if the user is very careful to load it and operate it as instructed by the manual, it is a good product.But parts are expensive and it needed about $400 worth at age 12, so I now have a new Bosch. I miss the ease of loading and dry dishes the FP gave me. But I suspect, despite the daily stooping, and inconvenience in loading the Bosch , I hope it will serve me will less major trouble than did the FP. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:01:06	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
2904636	This thing is a real workhorse, honestly it's just like having a real dishwasher in my dorm.  I love that it is on wheels so we can roll it out of the way when we want to cook, and then at the end we can throw dishes, pots, pans and utensils into the dishwasher.  The most we ever had to do was two loads on a night when we did a three-course meal for a bunch of people and there was no chance of doing all the dishes simultaneously.  The actual device is quiet (except when it drains water into the sink but that only startles you for a couple of days) and also has a very sleek design.  I love having the different settings for washing my wine glasses or my pots with things baked on, and for the amount of work it does, it doesn't even use that much water.  Very easy to hook up and in this sense it is very plug-and-play, I would highly recommend it to someone living in a space that does not have room for a traditional dishwasher.  Just be careful to make sure the pipes are empty before you put them away, sometimes there is water in the pipe when you take it off the sink and, as my roommate has learned, it will fly onto you if you swing the pipe and it's not empty.  And the first time we used it, we didn't realize there was one more drain cycle left, so we unhooked it (forgetting to turn off the faucet so water exploded everywhere when we took the hook-up off) and then the machine started draining the water left in the basin through the pipe we had detached.  That was fun.  So a) learn from our mistakes and b) enjoy your dishwasher!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:01:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23077141	After more than 4 repairs, the dishwasher still does not work as it's suppose to. None of the service providers want to come and deal with this unit. I think I have been bounced back and forth between Electrolux and Service providers. Poor quality of the product and totally BAD customer service and satisfaction. I had service provider come to my home more then 4 times with the same result. The same parts were replaces more then 4 times - and still the same. And all Electrolux was saying that the dishwasher is fixes. It is fixes when it washes dishes which it does not. The problem started with the installation - the instructions DO NOT SAY that the dw needs to be installed at least 1 inch below the counter top. But this is what tech support demanded. The motherboard was replaced twice, the front panel 4 times, it was reinstalled twice - still it would work only for one-two cycles then would have to take a days (or more) rest before it can wash dishes again. The CANCEL button does not work at all, nor does the fluid censor. STAY AWAY from FRIGIDAIRE products. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:01:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37844421	I wish that I read the terrible reviews of this dishwasher before we purchased it on 3/29/11. Less than a year later, we began to have problems. At least once a week, the dishwasher would not even turn on! We would usually have to go into the basement to cycle the breaker, which we never had to do with our old model. Since it was an intermittent problem, we just dealt with the hassle.In September, the dishwasher would turn on, then immediately run the cancel / drain cycle. We then called Lowes warranty for service. That problem was caused by a jam of equipment. Now, once again, the dishwasher will not start. Cycling the breaker does not even help so we will be making yet another service call in less than three months! We have a 4 year warranty with Lowes, but I'm not sure how much longer I can stand to keep it! THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:01:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
7495991	I have this dishwasher in an apartment where I live much of the year. It does not clean the dishes, particularly the flatware. When I first used it, the water was not draining out.  The maintenance man came up to clear the outlets.  He told me this was purchased because it was about the cheapest dishwasher they could put in the apartments.  It broke and clogged frequently.  He also advised me, if I wanted my dishes clean, to wash them before I put them in the dishwasher.  Huh? What kind of dishwasher it that? 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:01:06	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
78998561	We  bought this unit because it has the automatic detergent dispenser. Put in a bottle of liquid detergent and you are set for a month! Also it has the steam technology and we hoped it would clean extremely well. Unfortunately, it didn't even cover the basics if we used the regular cycle - many dishes needed re-washing. When we used the steam cycle, it would still leave a few of the dishes with dirty spots. Oddly enough, the steam cycle cleaned egg well which challenges most dishwashers, but still left other dishes with dirty spots. We had to inspect every dish as it came out of the dishwasher to see whether it was clean. We tried various loading arrangements to no avail. What a waste of time!PROS: It is a very quiet dishwasher and we loved the feature that stored the dishwasher liquid. No remembering to give it soap each time.CON: Does NOT wash dishes well!SUMMARY: we returned it and got a $500 Bosch dishwasher that gets all the dishes clean all the time (OK, we still have to pre-scrub egg dishes).BTW: As the first reviewer pointed out, the GE Profile website is misleading on the features of this dishwasher. Linked videos may not apply to the model you are looking at. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:15:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
31922258	We bought this dishwasher for our small kitchen back en February 2011. It was not installed and put to use until April after the kitchen was remodeled. It worked like a charm until the On /Off button broke so now I am unable to turn it on or off.I must also add that although the dishwasher is small, we use it every other day due to our busy schedule, it is very disappointing that I now have to deal with Danby customer service after such a short period of time.I will update this review once I receive some feedback from Danby on how to proceed. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:15:16	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67595742	I love this dishwasher for how small it is and cleans dishes very well.  Worth the small amount you pay for it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83661599	As a single person in a studio apartment, I absolutely love this dishwasher.  As someone who hated hand-washing my dishes, my only regret not getting one sooner!. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31278215	Its bigger than we expected but seems to work fine. Still stuck in return hell on the first one. We've been charged for both bc they cant find the returned one. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
33562046	Have this dishwasher since 2007....Problem after problem...Stay away from this machine.SPRAY ARM ASSEMBLY WENT BAD TWICE...NOISE....SOUNDS LIKE MACHINE IS ON ITS LAST LEG. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:17:50	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31898964	so we moved into an older house and used the dishwasher that was here for almost 2 years. It recently died so after much research, we decided on this dishwasher to replace it.Pros:I am very happy with this machine!  It holds so many dishes.  We (family of four) used to run the dishwasher at least once a day, sometimes twice.  with this dishwasher, i run it only about every other day, because i don't get it full by the end of the day since it holds so much more. (could be considered a con i guess, since we sometimes run out of clean dishes before this runs.  but i am more of a half-full kind of girl)I am also very happy with the level of cleaning.  we have used the pro-scrub for very caked on/baked on thanksgiving leftovers in big casserole dishes and they were spotless after the cycle.  Normally without heavily soiled pots or pans we will just use the normal wash and it does a great job.i also love the 4 hour delay, as this was something i used to have but didn't after we moved and i missed that feature and am glad to have it back.i feel like it is very quiet.  i have read people complaining about the noise but really, i am not trying to have a whisper-conversation sitting on the floor in front of the machine, and doubt it would impede me even if i was.  we have an open floor plan with the living room right next to the kitchen and sitting in the living room, it is not noisy in the slightest.I love the movable (fold-downable?) racks and i truly love the adjustable top rack.  all of these are great features that we use and appreciate.Now for cons:a little spendy, we got it for $900 at a local furniture storesilverware tray is way better than my last one so i am mostly happy with it, but the inserts they have - they are a good idea but too flimsy.  they are removable which is good, but too floppy for anyone with less than Ghandi-like patiencethis is a weird thing and our one real complaint: water hammer.  as i said, we moved into an older house.  so you can always hear the pipes.  they click when the water is heating up, they jump when you turn off the water suddenly.  So with this unit, at the beginning of the cycle it will start/stop rapidly several times.  that is a little weird anyway, i think.  but in this house it is extra pronounced because it makes the pipes jump every time.  my husband is thinking he will have to do something about it so it doesn't damage the old pipes.  in a newer house, i'm guessing this wouldn't be much of an issue.All in all, very pleased and would buy this dishwasher again 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:17:50	No Defect		Button Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66357348	UPDATE:  So 20 minutes after this review was posted, I got a call from Samsung US headquarters.  They were very concerned about my dissatisfaction and sent a technician and product engineer to my house two days later.  They installed redesigned parts.  We'll see if these are any better.Our DMT800RHS is now two years old and it's not the best as was recommended when we bought it. Every six months the upper rack adjusters break.  The design is defective.  Samsung replaced them twice, the last time very reluctantly.  Once the clips break, the upper tray can fall into the lower tray when you pull it out.  Also, the silverware baskets will not stay hooked to the lower rack.  For both the upper adjusters and the silverware baskets, I have found the best solution is strapping plastic wire ties to keep them in place.  The wire ties last about six months until the heat dries them out.The biggest problem is when something small and hard gets into the pump chamber which stops the machine from working.  You have to remove all the gear in the bottom of the machine to find whatever found it's way into the machine.  In my case it was the little rubber foot off the bottom of a cutting board.  Unless you are a mechanic, you will be calling for repair anytime it jams.Considering the price of around $900, this machine is not very good for the money.  We've had more problems with this machine in two years than I had all the time I had a GE which lasted 20 years.Samsung 24 In. Stainless Steel Dishwasher - DMT800RHS 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:17:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
38227620	I have used this dishwasher for 4 monthes now, almost everyday. Still in great working order. The vented dry function is totally waste of time and electricity, so I always turn the function off. And Haier company wrote a terrible manual.In summary, besides some small things, the dishwasher is worth recommending and Haier is the brandname I trusts. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:17:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81355032	We have had this dishwasher for over a year now. We bought it because we liked the water and energy saving features, as well as the fact that the buttons are hidden when the door is closed. It is also super quiet. But by now we are quite disappointed with its performance. The energy saving cycle really did not produce clean dishes, so we are using the standard cycles now. But even those often leave cups and cutlery dirty, especially if they are placed too close to the corners of the rack. The design of the racks is quite aggravating. My old Miele never had any problems of this sort and I regret not having stayed with that brand. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:17:50	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
31996642	My wife and I bought this dishwasher about 2 years ago when the motor in our P.O.S. Frigidaire Dishwasher (which was only two years old at the time) died.  This Bosch has functioned flawlessly.  I even installed it myself...no problems.  It is extremely quiet; so quiet in fact that it has a red light that shines on the floor to let you know the thing is still running a cycle.  It gets dishes exceptionally clean; even pots and pans with baked-on foodstuffs.  It has a particle trap that we have never had to actually clean.  We remove it on a regular basis, but there is never anything substantial in there.  I think that is related to the Finish tabs that we use...which I would also recommend (and which Bosch recommends as well).  The average cycle length is about 112 minutes on automatic, which is not bad, but could be frustrating if you're in a rush.  I think there is a new version of this dishwasher: the SHX55R55UC.  These dishwashers are in the 500 Series.  Would recommend to anyone.  THEY ARE WORTH EVERY PENNY. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:21:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75227116	We made this unfortunate purchase 14 months ago, after searching through the Consumer Reports ratings and evaluations.  They (CR) gave this dishwasher rave reviews for function, quietness, reliability and energy conservation. They downplayed the smaller interior as #34;insignificantly smaller#34;.  That all sounded good, so in spite of the grotesque price, we figured that it would amortize over a longer life, and heck, who doesn't want to save energy when it is feasible.The ONLY positive thing I can say about this POC is that it IS quiet.The interior layout is so goofy that it is virtually impossible to put a reasonable load of dishes into the baskets. The idiot that designed the interior must have been using doll-house dishes for sizing.  It took two runs to process the same load of dishes that my previous Whirlpool would wash (CLEAN) and dry (DRY and SPOTLESS) in a single run.  And it required 134 minutes to process one load.And you have to keep feeding it this expensive Jet Dry rinse agent, or else you get a soapy film on the dishes, complete with a soapy taste as well.  And the dishes are NEVER dry when the cycle is done.There are options for shorter cycles. Because we pre-rinse our dishes, the short wash cycle got the dishes adequately clean (but not as clean as the longer cycle). The problem is that at the end of the short cycle, the dishes are soaking wet, and if you let them dry in the dishwasher by evaporation, they end up horribly spotted.The alleged #34;automatic cleanliness detector#34; detected NOTHING; there was no difference. The #34;detector#34; cycle also ran the full 134 minutes. And all of that in spite of the fact that I have the hot water which feeds the dishwasher set at 150.So I wish some energy wizard would explain to me how it is saving energy to require twice as many cycles, each of which is longer than my Whirlpool, to do a given load of dishes and cookware, and not do them as well as the Whirlpool, with the additional requirement of frequently adding some energy-intensive chemical to the machine.Based on the horrible experiences other owners have reported with respect to Bosch warranty support and repair service, I can say I am very thankful that this thing managed not to break in the 14 months we used it.Bottom line, I hated the machine to the point I just would not use it often, and when my wife asked me PLEASE, for Christmas, PLEASE get rid of this thing, I understood and sympathized completely. So Dec. 23, while she was out shopping for Christmas dinner prep, I tore out this eurocrap tragedy and installed a new Whirlpool, which although it is NOT as quiet, it does its job remarkably well, and at roughly half the price.Suffice it to say that she was EXTREMELY pleased. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:21:53	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54133004	Ok I read the reviews on here and made my purchase decision based on them. I have had no problems with my dishwasher- it performs as promised.When I unboxed it the metal on the bottom was not fully pushed down (hard to describe) and left the water wand on the bottom hitting the dishwasher tray causing the dishwasher to cease the wash cycle. I noticed that other reviewers had this problem and came up with other solutions like raising the rail surface that the wheels ride on etc to get more clearance. Here's what works-This dishwasher doesn't need any of those half fixes- it was built to the correct tolerances from the factory. All you have to do is push down HARD on the metal bottom around the water wand and you will hear a 'popping' noise as the metal pushes down into where it should be. This issue hasn't affected all dishwashers as many don't report this problem at all. Anyway- not an issue- you push it down and boom- you're done. It's fixed forever. Back in the proper place.The water wand will now be square with the world and everything will function perfectly.Now when I say push down hard- I mean it- I am a 230 lb body builder and I pushed down hard. So there you go. If yours arrives square with the world then its not an issue you will have to deal with.No big deal- ever since then it has worked flawlessly.I have not had the leak issue that some have contended with. I considered putting plumbers grease on the o rings etc but didn't bother and like I said- no problems.The only thing that I didn't read that I have is with the tap attachment piece, when it's on and the water is running, water sprays everywhere. Simple fix is a rag over top of this and then the water just drips down into the sink. Not a big deal again, but it is a water waster for sure.I found that after the cycle was over if I opened the door to let the steam escape my dishes came out dry unlike some other reviewers.Overall this met my expectations completely. I hate doing dishes so its worth it to me. If you really don't mind doing dishes you probably don't need this. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:21:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57699060	Works great.  Super quiet.  It does not have heated dry, which was a surprise for the price.  (Also, I would be more likely to rate products if Amazon didn't require a short story about every purchase.) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:21:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66290102	Had a bit of a hard time setting it up but once we purchased some plumber's tape it runs very well with no leaks (highly recommend you get a roll of plumber's tape before your dishwasher arrives).The problems we had were after the first few times we ran dishes through it though, they were not coming out clean looking at all! When it wasn't full I looked inside and tried spinning the washing arm around and noticed that it kept hitting the bottom of the dish rack. To fix this problem I built up the tracks where the dish rack wheels rested with Sugru (an awesome play-doh like product that dries hard and water proof, you can use to hack/fix tricky problems and you can buy it on amazon too)so that the dish rack rested higher up.This fixed the problem completely but in the end I could've fixed this with a little push... one day immediately after a super hot load of dishes finished washing I unloaded the dishwasher and noticed the bottom of the dishwasher was draining funny and looked kind of warped so I very gently pushed on the bottom where it was sticking up and it went *POP* back into place.Must have been a weird fluke and somehow got messed up in shipping or something?I agree with other reviews, it does look a bit like a fancy microwave and it is very quiet. Plus, I love not having to do dishes in the sink anymore and this fits easily in a corner of our counter. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:21:53	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
21467473	It seems that people are enthralled with the 'GE profile' name equating it with excellence.  We inherited this dishwasher with our new house and I'm a bit annoyed.  It's difficult to load with what seems like a lot of wasted space.  The dishes have to be pretty much pre-washed or they don't come out clean.  No matter what detergent I use, there's always a residue.  There's a very thin line between too much detergent not allowing the little door to pop open during the cycle and not enough detergent to clean the dishes.  I miss my 20 year old dishwaher from my old house that I could fill just to the brink of overloading with half-rinsed dishes and a great horizontal basket for all the little things that fall through the basket of my Profile.  Not worth the expense or the brand name. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:29:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55699532	I use it since 01/15/2010. I can't imagine living without it. We use it once or twice daily. After a few months of use I had to call to Maytag because rinse aid dispenser stopped working. They send in the technician in couple days and it was fixed in 30 min. No problems since then.It gets very hot, but it must be hot. That's why all dishes are so sparkly clean after the cycle. Love this machine. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:29:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48538904	It took me two or three days to research washing machines. I decided on this one and got it locally at about the same price with free set up and delivery. The reviews on Amazon are so very helpful. I have had this machine a couple weeks. My old machine died electronically and the start button failed. The nite before this one was delivered, it came back to life!! But it was 25 years old and my dishes did not sparkle. Now they do. I didn't want another electronic panel, but there is little choice these days. Dishes are very clean, and sparkly. Pretty easy to use. More options than I need. I agree the tines are very close together but a row on the top and the bottom fold down for bigger items. The top shelf is adjustable up and down and completely removable which is big plus when I want to wash my big pots that I could never fit it the dishwasher before.  The machine does stop when finished but the on off button is on and needs to be manually shut off. I don't understand why that is.  only tabs or dry soap is recommended. I have a huge amount of liquid soap left which the installer says I can probably use, but it isn't recommended. The panel needs the instruction book sometimes for some functions..I wish that part was more user friendly. It isn't difficult but it is something extra I need to look up if I need to change a setting.The next level ou was over $300 more and I don't think it would have been worth the extra money for me. OH, it is very quiet.  So far, I am very happy I bought this model  and would recommend it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:29:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62303386	I used this gently in fear of it breaking on me again.  Yet the top rack broke again.  Don't buy this unless you enjoy hand washing dishes and fixing new appliances. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:29:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58578216	We owned the best version of this model for years - the one with the protruding SS handle bar  controls top end of door but it began to give dirty upper rack problems, so shopped for a replacement.  The appliance store down the street did NOT advise us that the solution might be just a service call away - a dirty screen on the disposal or disposal needed service/replacement.We were impressed with the reviews on Bosch  prices but no SS interior, no disposal, so saved a few bucks on this twin w/o a handle Dec 2012.No handle means one can brush up against the touch controls = resetting/cancelling the cycle, so one must also punch the lock button each time; never got used to that = UGH.Washing was OK at first ~90-95% of the better model ?!?!?!?!The the upper rack dirty problem repeats itself.  On line video shows how to clean/service the disposal, have tools will repair self.Disposal looks like something out of cracker jack box.  A screen filter has a swastika blade to clean/cut debris on a plastic shaft.  After many cleanings it appeared the blade kept coming off the shaft, in fact today 4-22-2014 it revealed that it is so messed up that it must be repaired from below = unit removal, turn upside down, take out guts, install new #34;disposal#34;, repeat every year?!?!?!?Think I'm done with Kitchen-aid DWs if disposal = this nightmare + an appliance shop that thinks mums-the-word = repeat business. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:29:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71127326	This is the worst dishwasher we have ever owned.  We have had it for two years now.  After one year we had to have the motor replaced.  Now in the second year it leaks and does not clean the dishes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:31:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
68291785	I received this about a month ago.  Of course it's delivered on when my husband is away on business.  I was extremely anxious to use it so by myself I took the dishwasher out of 2 boxes and then lifted the 50+lb dishwasher to the counter.  I opened all pieces and within a matter of 10 minutes I had it hooked up and working (I previously had ZERO experience hooking up a dishwasher).  Love this machine!  I think my husband loves it more though, since it was his job to wash the dishes.  Would definitely recommend. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:31:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35009722	Pros:Stainless steel finish, beautiful, quiet. So it got two stars here.Cons:Could not wash very well, could see the detergent residues on pans after washing.Layout structure(Shelf) is EXTREMELY stupid, only VERY low height dishes (3/4 inch) could be fited in, bowls could not be fited well on shelf, most stupid shelf design. It does not fit for family who uses bowls frequently at all. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:31:58	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
20459683	We had the same problem shortly after the install - Error 01.  We've had the tech out 3 times and finally Frigidaire is going to replace the unit.  The tech said something about perhaps spilling rinse aid causing bubbles causing the code, but that's silly.  How can you fill that thing without spilling a drop?I would also say that we've always had to use the Heavy wash setting to get things clean.  Anything else doesn't do it.The best I can say about it is that it is super quiet.  I've opened it multiple times while running.  But I would expect far more from a dishwasher costing this much. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:31:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
82418594	This is perhaps the WORST dishwasher I have ever owned! I bought this machine thinking I had upgraded...boy was I wrong.The racks are virtually unusable. Unless your glasses and cups are very skinny they won't fit. The lower rack is set up in such a way that you have to be a genius to load it without wasting a ton of space. I have a family of three and I can't get all of our dishes and glasses from one meal in at the same time. What used to take me one load in the old Whirlpool take two to three loads in this.For whatever reason, the dishes and glasses come out fairly clean...BUT forget about using it to clean bowls, pyrex or pots and pans. It simply does not get them clean. In addition it has this odd smell after every load....it's a strange lemony smell (and no, I am not using lemon dishwasher soap so I don't know what that's about!)If it wouldn't be so difficult to return this thing would have been out of my kitchen a week after it was installed. In all honesty, I really hope it breaks down quickly so I can get a different brand. Save yourself the money and agrivation. Buy a different brand.Added November 2011 - Guess what? It did break down VERY quickly! In less than one year, the dishwasher simply stopped draining. I opened the door and a a deep pool of water was sitting in the bottom of the unit. I thought about calling a repair person and after reading so much bad press about how they blame the owner. I gave up and bought a new Maytag. I've had the Maytag for about 5 months and couldn't be happier. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:31:58	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
71112672	We've been renting homes for the past six or so years and had yet to have a dishwasher. This Danby portable is, without a doubt, the most important household purchase we've made in those six years. It's everything that's good and bad about dishwashers in a format that can be added to an old kitchen where you either can't or don't want to install a standard dishwasher.The only downside (and it's quite minor) is that the manual is lacking. All of the core info is there, but it seems to have been written for a standard model and so there's not much info on the faucet hookup and other functions like the salt system.Special tip: Do some research on the best brand and type of dishwashing detergent to use through something like Consumer Reports. Due to recent changes to environmental laws, the formulas for dishwashing detergents have all been reconfigured and not all brands work as well as others. You'll love this dishwasher a lot more if you have an effective brand of detergent. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:38:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
55447937	We bought this dishwasher about five months ago. It worked flawlessly until about a month ago when it overflowed and we had a little flood. The repair person said the drain plugged because of excess food scraps. There are two screens debris has to get by before it reaches the drain pump so it is beyond me how it could plug up. Since then I've been watching for buildup. Nothing to speak of and it plugged up again yesterday.My old dishwasher of many years was a trooper. It may have been noisier and maybe didn't clean as well but it never overflowed and it never plugged up. I asked Bosch customer service if there were any updates, recalls or service bulletins to be aware of for this product and she said no. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:38:58	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
76782666	The dishwasher is just how it was described: small and compact, but functional.The instructions were very unclear and caused some subsequent stress while putting everything together.Overall, I am satisfied with the product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:38:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57855834	I didn't get this thru Amazon because another store had a good sale and they had it installed.  We were replacing a 13 year old Maytag.  I'll just mention that we had problems initially due to the installers not balancing it and when we finally got it adjusted we thought Yippeeee now we can have clean dishes! Nope! So here are some facts about this GE non-dishwasher. And I have pix showing the mess!THE PROBLEMS: The recommended detergent packets don't dissolve leaving a cement hard residue and the gel just slimes everything!  And the dishes are still dirty!WHAT I'VE TRIED:1. Increased the water heater to 125 degrees plus I use the Wash Temp Boost option.2. I've tried all of the cycle options also and still the PROBLEMS persist.3. Due to its poor design, with one of the utensil holders right in front of the detergent dispenser, I spend too much time arranging the dishes and utensil so I'm not blocking it! I hang a lot of utensils from the wine glass holder on the top rack and place very few on the bottom4. Since there are 2 water sprayers for the top rack and just one at the bottom for the lower rack so I have to make sure I don't even put smaller bowls in the lower row close to the detergent dispenser!5. I literally have to soak and wash everything before putting them in the DW.  My next step will be to just hand wash and use the DW as a drying rack!So RIP old Maytag, I wish I could resurrect you! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:38:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
438293	This dishwasher has solved so many cleaning related skirmishes in my household. It works great in my teeny studio apartment. The hose hookup is super easy to connect, and we no longer run out of forks. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:38:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86081895	This saved my sanity. After 15 years of washing dishes by hand and waking up one morning to an enormous pile of dishes (apparently procrastination doesn't make them go away) I'd had it. I searched #34;dishwasher#34; on Amazon and was surprised to find this little dynamo of a dishwasher. It's been six months now since we've had this and it's still going strong. It cleans better than I ever expected. We use Cascade action packs and everything comes out sparkling. Everything is much cleaner-looking than it ever was cleaned by hand.Get some help lifting it into the house and on the counter (a strong 16 year-old lifted it for us) because it is heavy. After that it's an easy hookup onto the faucet. Our family runs it usually 2-4 times a day, and I put everything in it, including big pots and pans. It can fit a lot of dishes but only a few pots and pans, but any time it saves me from slaving over the sink is more time for me to enjoy life!One thing I have noticed is that the spinner mechanism on the bottom cannot get caught on any dishes hanging down, otherwise the dishes will not get clean. Tiny plates have to go in the small plate rack and not in the large plate rack, otherwise this will happen. After filling the dishwasher, spin the spinner to make sure that it spins without knocking a low-hanging dish. I've also noticed that the lid to the detergent compartment has to pop up completely during the wash cycle, so I make sure that the silverware isn't leaning forward too far to prevent this. If it doesn't pop open completely the Cascade action pac won't fall to the bottom of the dishwasher and the dishes won't get clean. Prior to washing I flip the lid (with the door almost completely closed and my hand just barely in) to make sure it doesn't get caught.SPT customer service is top-notch. I washed a cup that had psyllium husk residue and it clogged the filter. For the life of me I couldn't get this gunk out of the filter. I called customer service to see if I could get another filter and the rep recommended soaking it in citric acid first instead. Now, they could have made money off of me by selling me another filter, but instead he actually gave me really good advice and even said it would save me some money. And it worked! After soaking overnight in citric acid the gunk was dissolved and the filter was like new again.If you're here reading this, desperately done with doing dishes, don't wait to get this. I've been very satisfied with this product and I highly recommend it. I never thought I could love an electronic item this much, but I really do. One of the best inventions, ever! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36537853	well I in the process of ripping out the kitchen. it had a old large dishwasher that didn't work very well . ( I hate to do dishes ) anyway the dishes started piling up in the large wash sink next to washer dryer. so looking at alternatives and possibly something I could use in the rv after I came across this and read reviews.even though many positive reviews I still thought sure like what's that capable of 6 dishes oh wow and will it clean.when it arrived the box was damaged. it is packed very well and didn't see any damage on the dishwasher though water had gottin on it i guess the water left over from factory testing had spilt out some how when it was dropped. now what I did notice is the front is plastic and the edges of the plastic looked as if some one on the factory assembly line used a razor or something of that nature to trim the plastic and did not look very professional. in any case you don't see it unless inspecting . the build quality is so, so, with the plastic as for the rest, inside and out it looked like a normal dishwasher build just smaller. so even after it was opened and setup I still though how much can this little thing wash ( remember I have weeks of dirty dishes with crud all over them and the last time i washed that many dishes by hand it took over a hour )  after watching many video reviews of this dishwasher I didn't read the manual completely and just started loading it up. filled the soap dispenser and the rinse aid. (cascade complete, powder). since I had so many dishes I set it to 45 min wash. so I could do more loads in a faster time.when it was done I was amazed. I haven't seen dishes this clean in years and that's on 45min cycle. i though it would take days to get all the dishes clean but 5 washes latter and done. ( I had about 3 full normal dishwasher loads of dirty dishes) and i even did the pots and pans in it. oh did I mention its quiet at least 1/2 of the old large dishwasher .I really like the LCD display lets you know how much time is left and what cycle to choose. if you pack this dishwasher correctly you be surprised how many dirty dishes will fit and it gets them clean. now I read some reviews on it not cleaning well or spots on dishes. well i did pack it funky the second time and 3 dishes did not come out clean. one was a cup i had packed in the corner and one was a lid the bottom got clean but not the top of the lid did not and the other was a bowl that was also packed in a corner, it was half clean, like half was washed and other half still had the crusted on food. i learned fast to pack it right and everything came out clean from then on .one thing I noticed doing dishes with this washer is its fun. I have a bad back and hated bending over to load up the full size dishwasher even didn't do it many times from my back pain .I have this washer table top height and is a pleasure to load and also fast unloadingso in the end this washer saves money easy to use, works great . small, fits where normal dishwashers cant. can be hidden in a closet if need be. and gets dishes clean. as long as it lasts its a win win even more so if i use it in rvjust remember its small for a dishwasher, yet big enough like a large microwave oven, a large microwave oven . not small i have a small GE microwave that's half the size of this washer.to some it up  I LOVE THIS DISHWASHER note , I have a $1,800.00 kitchen aid dishwasher for the new kitchen . now I just don't know if I going to use it or sell on craigslist. anybody contact me LOL: why?  well i trying to be energy efficient and save the planet and all that stuff. even trying solar and wind power.why use a big over kill dishwasher, sure it be great when family comes over but how often is that. 2 people this dishwasher is more then enough. the only reason I can see installing the expensive big dishwasher is just for resale if I sell the place that I don't plan on doing. sure it has every possible certification even can be used in a restaurant. hmmm just me and girlfriend. I not a catering service. its just for the 2 of us and possible company sometimes occasionally. I don't think so I can use the extra space that this dishwasher gives me and cost efficient save a couple of bucks in the processand to honest when using it I load it up but then I just cant help feeling the craze and don't run it k knowing I can load more dishes I actually make more dishes dirty on papas before running it . I love it . great if you have back pain use it at counter height and your world will change. dishes are no more of a problem. did I mention it works great and at this time it seems to be the most advanced in this type of dishwasher. you cant go wrong. I told I a slob and or told I have ocd all depends on the person. this washer works! you don't need more unless 5 or more people in family and you save money in the process 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35087792	Had a Bosch Dishwasher that was about 9 years old.  The Bosch control unit failed so we had to either spend a small fortune to get it repaired or we had to replace it.  Since it was 9 years old we decided to replace it.  Upon the recommendation of several sales people and several reviews online, we decided on this Kitchenaide.  Don't care for the rack system much but figured we'd get used to it over time.  We do like the overall style as it looks great in our contemporary kitchen.  What we're not at all happy with is the sound!  This unit is rated at 49 decibels and yet it's MUCH louder then our previous Bosch that was rated at 54 decibels.  I found out after purchasing the Kitchenaide that there is no universal standard for reported decibel ratings.  What this really means is you can't trust the manufacturers sound ratings.  I have a decibel meter and this Kitchenaide tips the scale at 59 decibels!!  That's a lot louder then advertised!  It's a dishwasher...and yes...all dishwashers make some noise...but this one is much louder then advertised and is not worth the extra $$. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
50534401	This is a great unit that does do an excellent job cleaning dishes, and pots and pans as well. Simple to use, dependable...and easy on the wallet.  It does hold  service for four without trouble.  Takes just 1 teaspoon of dishwashing detergent per load.  If you use the new tablets currently on the market, break them in half...use just one half. A full tablet is too much.  No noiser than a traditional undercounter under unit.  Easily servicable as well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38207778	I've had this washer for two years and it has never done the job. We've simply lived with it all this time. It looks pretty cheap, is loud, is very slow to cycle, doesn't wash or dry properly,leaks detergent everywhere, the steel inside is stained, and it's hard to load due to the awkward rack setup. Dishes come out cloudy, spotty and/or still dirty, and are never fully dryed. Also, everything must be pre-rinsed. DO NOT BUY THIS. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:45:25	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24781682	...which I don't.  Tall wineglasses?  NO.  Coffee mugs? NO (at least not on the rack which seems made for those old fashioned china cups of years past).  Regular sized dinner plates?  NO.While the unit does fit beneath my cabinet and takes up a relatively small area, the lack of height prevents many things from being loaded into this machine.  For dinner sized plates, I have to sort of lay them at a 45 degree angle and hope they don't fall.Still, the most difficult things to clean by hand are drinks glasses, mugs, cutlery, cooking utensils and the like.  And they fit easily.This unit also CAN (you can turn off the feature) sanitize your dishes...it gets the water extremely hot.Haven't had the unit long enough to comment on leakage...I must say that areas that might be prone to leakage appear relatively easy to repair if necessary.To sum it up, not the dream machine I had hoped for, but a worthy addition  if your kitchen has the space and you cook a lot. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:48:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
37282499	Have owned the dishwasher for 2 months and it has broken already.  According to the repair technician, this is a design flaw where the draining mechanism fails.  He has seen it a lot, and knew from the phone call exactly what it was.  Don't buy. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:48:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50246098	I live in a modest space and enjoy it that way and prefer to not use the utilities and the water consumption of a full size washer. I have had my dishwasher for two years now and have never had a problem. No leaks, beautifully clean dishes, pots, pans, silver, you name it. I have never been so satisfied with a household small appliance.If you live in small space and have little time for dishes, this is the product for you! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:48:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41922584	After less than two years, the motor fell out.  What happens when the motor falls out? Hoses disengage and  water gushes through the floor into the basement.  Manufacturer's fix?  Two plastic cinch ties.  Technician came out in one week.  I've checked online and this is a common problem.  Buyer beware. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:48:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52134790	It doesn't matter which model you buy within a yr this dishwaher will leave a white film and smell all over your dishes. just google you will find all the people with the same problem. Worse dishwasher I have ever had. This company should be ashamed. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:48:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
21345840	Tuesday May 286:20 pm  Arrived looking perfect.  Did happy dance and threw away old dish rack.6:40 pm  Hooked everything up. Pretty straightforward.6:50 pm  Put in some dishes and turned it on.7:00 pm  Started internet shopping for smaller dinner plates that will fit in the dishwasher.  Hey, not having to wash them by hand is enough of an incentive to replace my dinner plates.8:30 pm  No end of cycle beeping. Because the cycle never ended.  Because it stopped.  Because it didn't drain completely.  I have no idea when it stopped because it's so quiet.8:31 pm  Cussed a blue streak and sent email to SPT customer service.10:00 pm  Went to bed mad.Wednesday May 296:10 am  Realized that I'll have to do dishes more often because I was stupid and threw out the dish drainer that holds a bajillion dishes.  It's bamboo, and it's been marinating in that thin layer of garbage juice at the bottom of the bin overnight, so there's no going back.  Cussed.6:12 am  Began bailing out the pool of water in the bottom of the dishwasher.  Cussed some more.6:30 am  Angrily doing dishes by hand.  Made silent promises of violence to the people who made this piece of crap dishwasher.7:20 am  Begin leaving a review about this dishwasher (and the hopes and dreams it dashed).  Waiting until I think customer service is open so I can call them, because waiting for a reply to my email is not my style when I'm mad.8:40 am  Spoke to a nice lady on the phone.  She's emailing me a form to fill out so she can send me a new dishwasher ASAP.2:30 pm  Receive email confirming the receipt of the form and that a new unit will be sent along with a call tag for the defective unit.Monday June 311:30 am  New unit arrives.  It's too heavy for me to wrestle into the house and out of the box.  Must wait until Husband comes home from work.  Impatiently waiting.6:30 pm  Dishwasher unpacked, hooked up and loaded.  Pushing the button.7:55 pm  SUCCESS!Edited to add:May 2014Unit still working well.  Extremely satisfied and changed the rating to 5 stars. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:53:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49813325	This is a cute dishwasher, not bad for a single person.  So far I have had no problems with this item.  I would definitly recommend it for anyone who has very small loads of dishes. You still have to wash any large or very dirty items but for the little stuff works great!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:53:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
792780	I bought this 9 months ago and every other week it sheds a little broken plastic part from the cheap side arm that holds the upper tray on. I've replaced the entire plastic tray holder (at $30 a pop) twice, and had to replace wheel assemblies also twice when the entire tray falls off and snaps the plastic prongs that latch onto the wheels. I've spent about $100 and hours of fiddling time. Replacing these parts is actually nontrivial , and the assembly is really poorly designed and counterintuitive.  Really sick of the $@#$# cheap parts on the tray. Cleans OK but not perfect - similar to other dishwashers I have owned. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:53:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
64960999	This is the worst dishwasher!  We had it for just over 2 years, when we started getting an HE error.  The manual instructed us to call a technician when that error is activated.  After calling 3 different appliance repair companies, none of them work on LG dishwashers (that should be your first clue NOT to buy this dishwasher).  Our only option is to go through Sears, which is a pain because they are hard to schedule and are expensive - $110 prepay just to get the tech to your house!  HORRIBLE purchase, wish we had never got it.  Please go with another manufacturer. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:53:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88681323	Love it. Unboxed and ready to go in 10 min. Packaging was very thorough and secure.. impressive.As compared to others I researched / suggestions:* The outflow hose (dirty water) it attached to the same tubing mechanism as the inflow (clean water) hose. That entire mechanism attaches to the faucet. No separate outflow hose flopping around in the sink as some portable dishwashers have.* Suggests the option of a plumber installation.  You don't need it. I am female and hardest part was lifting it out of the box. Pliers may be needed to unscrew the faucet spout. Depends on the faucet. My faucet has a one arm handle for both hot and cold water. Unscrewed the existing faucet spout with pliers. The washer in the dishwasher mounting had to be removed so that the threads on the faucet fit further into the housing. Minimal dripping. Plumbers tape (not sure exact name) fixed the drip.* Position tubing over the drain. Less chance of splashing.* This is sold by Compact Appliances.  Check out their website for a video of the appliance. Amazon has the best price.* Tape. Make sure you remove it all. You can't miss it.. greenish in color. It is also on the filter tray.. in front of the revolving arm. I almost missed it.* It washed 2 loads back to back on P1 setting - Intense wash. Perfect. No food remants. I want a really hot water wash.. and this is it.* Jet dry in the rinsing agent compartment on the door - screw cap. You won't use much and worth it. Dishes dry faster - completely dry when removed. No spots. I used a liquid dishwashing detergent.* Small kitchen and counter space is valuable. Purchased theSeville Classics SHE18321 Stainless Steel Kitchen Workstationand it fits perfectly on the top. I can wheel it to the sink and wheel it back out of the way.* Noise.. yes there is noise. There is noise with a tv, radio, hair dryer, etc. I read a review for another portable dishwasher and the person returned it because of noise. It's a dishwasher, it's an appliance. Family members have Bosch built in dishwashers that cost over $1000, and you don't hear them. Well, that is not what I'm buying. I am buying convenience and efficiency. Washing machine is louder. Would I run it before going to bed?  Definitely.Bottom line... Read the instructions.  Use DISHWASHING detergent. Don't use use dish soap.If I have a problem.. I will update this review right away. Hope this helps. These were things I considered, but couldn't find the answers. Enjoy. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:53:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44484992	I've had this dishwasher for about a month and a half.  Since appliances are major purchases, I held off reviewing until I felt like I had a good understanding of both the pros and the cons.I should say up front that there were two reasons I chose this particular model:(1) It did not have a digital control panel(2) It was the cheapest one available at the time (I got it at a home improvement store)By way of explanation of #1 above, my last dishwasher was a Frigidaire with a digital control panel.  Naturally, I started having problems with it the moment my warranty was up.  These got worse, until the control panel no longer functioned.  The part I needed to fix it was over $100 and that did not include labor.  As I was troubleshooting the thing, perusal of online forums made me realize that digital panels like the one I had, often have problems.  So I wanted to get a new one -- that had an old-style dial.On to this particular dishwasher.  You may see a GE dishwasher that looks awfully similar.  It's the same dishwasher.  This Hotpoint one is made in the same factory as the GE ones, has GE service and warranty, etc.  So if you don't particularly care about having matching logos on all your appliances, go with this one, as it costs less pretty much everywhere I've seen it advertised for sale.It is my understanding that your dishes need to be reasonably clean before putting them in here.  If you are the type who likes to throw really dirty dishes into the dishwasher, this model may not be for you.  I have always been the sort to pre-rinse, so I have not had any problems with dirty dishes coming back out.If you turn off the heated dry, you will end up with a LOT of water on your dishes when the cycle is finished.  You can reduce the amount of water by using heated dry, but then you may not want to put plastic items on the bottom rack.  Be very careful to not get even the slightest bit of liquid (hand) dishwashing soap in here or you will have trouble getting the dishwasher to drain.There does not seem to be a method to force the dishwasher to drain excess water, other than turning the control knob to the midpoint of a cycle and letting it finish.This comes heavily co-branded with Cascade.  I use a Cascade gel, but the tri-color Cascade pods work as well.  There is a separate compartment for a rinse agent; it's a little difficult to tell how much rinse agent you've put in there or when to replace it.  However, it does seem to dispense the stuff properly.This is a relatively noisy dishwasher compared to my last one.  It also has a lower capacity.  Please note that the bottom rack has one of those parts that comes up right in the middle for the purpose of getting water/etc. to the dishes on the top rack; the wire of the bottom rack is adapted around this, so you know where not to put dishes if you want the top stuff cleaned.  However, for what it's worth, you can put fairly big stuff on the top rack (even a Dutch oven).In the end, if I had a bigger budget, I probably would've gone for something in a higher price range.  However, this dishwasher did have the feature I wanted (non-digital control) and it does work to clean my dishes, so it suits my needs.  I can't give it a ringing endorsement, but seeing as I'm on a budget, if I had it to do over again, I'd probably still choose this model. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:57:16	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
52911145	We have two of these, 18 months after we installed one of them required a $576 repair. The repair guy said one of the problems (a broken pump) is so common that he can't keep the part on the truck. The other repair is on the computer. I'm disgusted. Not to mention that there is no shut off function and the dishwasher dumped water all over our floor for an hour (we weren't home) and damaged the walls in the finished basement underneath the kitchen.  Never buy this dishwasher. Too many issues. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:57:16	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
14633363	Fit the bill for me. Comes with a quick-release system for your sink, isn't obscenely loud (not silent by any means, though). I currently use little dishwasher tablet pack things that I had leftover from my last dishwasher, and they work great.Pros:-Easy to hook up / disconnect.-Gets dishes very clean-Good capacity given the size of the unit, enough to be very useful for people as lazy as I amCons:-none really 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:57:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36451059	Actually, one star is too high.  It is elegant in looks and design on the outside but everything on the inside is downright shoddy. Flimsy plastic racks and designed so poorly that it is difficult to load and when loaded correctly holds very little .  Wash cycle takes over two hours and dishes are clean only if you rinse them very, very well before putting them in. The so-called heavy cycle takes the same amount of time and just makes the water so hot it ruins some items.  Between the necessary pre-washing and the awkward loading you can do your dishes faster by hand. I used the dish washing product the manufacturer recommends (no gel according to the directions) and it has left hard gritty film on my stainless steel cookware that has to be scrubbed off with steel wool. I called Fisher Paykal in New Zealand and spoke with a rather nasty, discourteous person who implied it was my fault for not following directions correctly.  When she finally believed that I had added rinse aid and was using the correct detergent she said that I should have been told by the seller that because the water is so hard where I live in Orange County, Ca. I should not have purchased this machine.  I should have been advised to purchase the model with the built in water softener. She suggested I call the seller and demand they take back this model.I had my last dishwasher for 14 years, using the same detergents and the same water and never had problems.  In fact, that machine did a much, much better job at getting dishes AND pots and pans clean right until I updated to the Fisher Paykal.  I think the final straw was last night when I took out the dishrack to look at the washing arm and was shocked at its flimsiness.  It looks and feels like something that would be in a toy.  There is no way this piece of thin plastic with a few holes could deliver anything forceful enough to do any real cleaning.This is without a doubt the worst appliance I have ever bought and I've been buying kitchen appliances for 45 years. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:57:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
6391805	We bought this dishwasher less a year ago at HH Gregg (floor model). We got a very good price and even did our research to confirm it was a good deal and good dishwasher before we completed the purchase. Alas, we were misled.  The dishwasher has had numerous issues over this last year and is already falling apart.  The silverware rack has had pieces break off which means silverware now slides through and jams the trays.  The plastic trim on the switch panel is peeling back and breaking off.  Dishes do not come out clean no matter what setting you put them on; the only way to get a clean dish is to basically pre-wash everything (absolutely no food particles of any size or consistency on any dish in the dishwasher).  Silverware regularly comes out dirty; if there is even a single grain of rice on a dish it will end up on the silverware.  Water backed up into the bottom of the dishwasher from the sink; not even clear how that happened but some kind of valve failed somewhere.  It's very sad because we just remodeled our kitchen, everything is new, and we are very pleased with our GE oven, our GE refrigerator and our GE microwave.  One of the reasons we purchased all the same brand for the stainless steel appliances was because GE has a unique tone to their stainless and we had already purchased the refrigerator before we learned that fact; hence we couldn't avoid having to purchase all GE appliances for the kitchen.  It's regretful but this GE dishwasher is a disappointment and I would not recommend it to anyone.  I've never written a bad review for anything but felt it was worth it in this case.  If you have to purchase GE (as we did), go find another model to purchase and don't get this one! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:57:16	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2595090	I purchased this unit from Lowes in November 2012. I have installed DW's a few times and the installation on this was a nightmare. The Drain, Electrical and Water lines are all in different areas than a standard hook-up and I had to extend A/C line and re-run new fill lines under counters besides having to customize cabinet where DW fits in, this machine is deeper and a bit taller than standard enclosures so bear that in mind if you're going to try to tackle installing this POS yourself.I have had this thing for 6 months. ( It does look sexy for a dishwasher, yes) and matches my Samsung fridge however, it does a horrible job on cups, glasses, dishes and silverware (did I mention pots and pans?) yes those too. A lot of times the Cascade would be half left in the soap dispenser and hard as a rock after wash cycle. (I suppose I should have tried to dry out some Beef Jerky in the soap tray while I was at it)This weekend I found out it is stopping mid-cycle and dispaying an error code re: drain error. I spent several hours checking water flow from DW drain pump to sink at it was draining OK. Yesterday I read several of the customer reviews here and elsewhere and realized I was an idiot for not researching the reliability on this brand before plunking down my hard earned cash.I went to Lowes where I bought the DMT400 armed with ihe info I read here and my own experience and asked the Appliance Mgr if I can exchange it for a machine actually washes dishes. He agreed with out any hassle as if he has been to this rodeo before.  I have a Samsung Refrigerator that is a couple years old and has been working great but the dishwashers are, well, to use an old cliche' you can't polish a turd. (This machine couldn't clean one either) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:58:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34774840	I bought this dishwasher from a local mom and pop appliance store and the very first time I used it, it broke. It made it to the last wash setting and stopped. I went to start it up again - nothing. The repair guy came over and said he believes it is a bad timer. The very first time I used it! That is either bad luck or a bad product, I will let you decide. Right now, I have serious buyer's remorse. It is supposed to be fixed tomorrow, I will update in the future to say how it is performing then. Cross your fingers! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:58:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
28531882	Flooded my apartment.  it was a disaster, Theirs no food disposal. clogs up valves over time.  I was out of luck 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:58:53	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
45913674	Only had it for about a month, and just yesterday it stopped draining and making a loud buzzing noise. I'll update after dealing with the service department. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:58:53	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
22436614	This dishwasher fits perfectly on my counter plus its the right size for me and my daughter.  We love it! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 22:58:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39046805	When I saw this dishwasher in the store I thought I had found the pot at the end of the rainbow. It was SS inside, electronic, nylon coated racks, EnergyStar and a door that did what it was told (unlike the Bosch that autoclosed so hard it broke stemware in the top rack).My initial problem was that the installer did not level it properly and the door would rub when closed, a sign of an inherently weak box structure. Once that was fixed we noticed that it did not clean very well. After three more service calls, adjusting the cycles, amount of detergent, water temperature, loading patterns, etc. the tech. called the factory support and took it thru a built-in diagnostic routine and stated that all was working properly.I called Samsung service for about the seventh time and eventually they offered to do a like-for-like exchange. I considered that but then remembered that the tech. had declared that the old one was working properly...what would a like-for-like exchange gain me other than more dirty dishes and wasted time? I persisted and eventually got a refund from the store.I immediately went out and bought a Asko (a brand that has performed very well for us in another home) online that was a new item but a couple of years old. The price was about the same, but the Asko actually...if you can believe it...got the dishes clean (and it took about and hour less than the Samsung and used less energy!).Several weeks later I went to the store where I returned the Samsung and saw my Samsung dishwasher (white) and another (stainless) for sale, cheap! Samsung has managed to make a dishwasher series that looks good but failed to perform the primary objective...clean dishes.Too bad they don't give the Zero stars as an option. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:00:34	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
58809744	After living in tiny apartments in Hawaii for 5 years while I was a bachelor in the Navy, and having to hand wash all my dishes, I moved into a small house that didn't have a dishwasher and I said #34;No more!#34;.  If you have a habit of eating out because of the inconvenience of having to hand wash all your dishes, like any dishwasher, this will rather quickly wind up paying for itself several times over - granted, that could be said of any dishwasher. So, specifically about this one:One of the things a lot of people criticize in the reviews here is that the shortest setting is 10 minutes for a freshwater rinse, or for a regular wash cycle you can use the 45 minute cycle - many seem to complain that there isn't a mid-length cycle in between these.  Well, it's true that some dishwashers have one, but generally speaking, most don't and take somewhere between 30-60 minutes to wash a load.  I think there is a tendency to think that because the unit is compact and does smaller loads, that it might inherently do them faster - I understand where this presumption comes from, but if you think about it, that really doesn't make sense and it's actually normal and acceptable that the unit takes just as long as any other basic model dishwasher for a full and proper wash cycle.  I'm not trying to criticize people for wanting a shorter cycle, I'm just saying, for those of you considering buying a mini-dish washer, it would be wise to adjust your expectations accordingly - they're generally smaller, but that doesn't mean faster.It does internally heat the water which really helps dissolve the soap and wash away greasy dishes.  I haven't actually used the longer wash cycles (70 minutes, and 1hr 45 minutes I think?) because I always just soak my pots and pans in the sink anyway - but normal dishes as clean as could be on the shorter, 45 minute wash cycle.  I just give things a quick rinse before I put them in there, but I don't pre soak normal dishes or anything, and they always come out perfect, peanut butter, pasta sauce, wine, tea, coffee - everything comes out sparkling.  I even use only half the detergent recommended, Costco dish-washing powder, (it's my habit to minimize, reduce, and conserve), but everything always comes out great anyway.  I have high mineral well-water, so doing a load daily, I add a half cup of white vinegar to the start of a cycle once a week to keep the nice steel interior clean and looking new.The clearance between the wash arm at the bottom and the rack is a little smaller than full sized dishwashers, I've found it wise to bump it with my finger to make sure it doesn't strike any dishes sticking down below the rack before I start it up to wash a load - just as one might with any other dishwasher.The good:-Not noisy, operates and a comfortable 'medium-quiet' volume.  i.e. it's not near-silent like a $2000 stainless steel European dishwasher, but it also doesn't roar disruptively.  I'm in college and study in the room next to the open kitchen while it's running, so if that's any indicator?-It's stainless steel inside, which I thought was a nice touch of quality, especially for an affordable, compact model.-It's smaller and does smaller loads (which is the purpose, right?) but all around, I don't find that one has to sacrifice anything for the convenience of having this compact model.  Same sound, same wash, same soap, smaller size - that's it.The bad:My only #34;complaint#34; is that if you disconnect the hose while it's washing in order to use your kitchen faucet for something real quick, and then reconnect it and forget to turn the water back on, the dishwasher will beep and show an #34;E1#34; error on the display when it tries to do it's next rinse, but it won't resume washing if you hear the beep and then turn the water on - rather, you'll get the beep, the #34;E1#34; error message (which means no water pressure), and then have to reset the 45 minute wash cycle back to the beginning and start over.  This is being very nit-picky, and I'm not really trying to make a complaint out of it, as generally, I start it before I go to bed so I've only caused this interruption twice and it really didn't inconvenience me when it happened anyway.  I'm really not actually mentioning it to #34;complain#34; about it, but it seemed relevant to mention for you all to set your expectations accordingly, since that's what reviews of good products are really for (my opinion).  With that, I am content to give it 5 stars and think that overall, you'll enjoy and appreciate this thing - I've genuinely been very happy with it across the board.I hope this helps. :) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:00:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28586023	This Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher is an excellent basic unit. It has few settings, but they are more than able to get the job done, no matter how badly or lightly soiled your dishes are. The settings/controls are super user friendly - very straight forward - no need to read the manual to figure it out. Quite honestly, the fewer selections, the better because it is less to malfunction or go faulty.It is super quiet! The most I hear of it is when the water is running through it. You do not actually hear the motor etc while it is running - just the water.A tall tub dishwasher will fit the same as a standard dishwasher. It does not mean the dishwasher itself is taller. The inside is just more spacious/taller. You can fit ALOT of dishes/pots and pans in this dishwasher! We are a family of 5 and I am able to fit 2 days worth of dishes in, including pots and pans. I found this out by accident actually - I loaded up the dishwasher one night before bed, but forgot to start it. So the next night, I just rearranged the dishes a bit and added all of the dirty stuff from that day as well. I was surprised it all fit and that it all came out perfectly clean.My old dishwasher was a GE. This Amana cleans pots, pans and dishes thoroughly clean. I have even put the sheets from my toaster oven in and they come out so clean. Normally I have to scrub them to death in the sink, but this dishwasher did an excellent job on them! I do not have to rewash anything and I do not do alot of prewashing or rinsing - I just make sure any large chunks or pieces of food are not on any of the dishes/pans. Even plastic items come out clean, with no film or residue on them. With our old dishwasher, the clear plastic storage containers (like the Glad or Ziploc type) would come out with a nasty white residue or film on them. I always thought it was because our water is well/hard water, but I was wrong because they come out perfectly clean with this Amana.The silverware trays are great. They have slotted lids on them that you drop the silverware into. At first I thought it wouldn't hold as much as the old ones, but I think it actually holds more. You can of course flip the lids up as well and not use the slots. The silverware comes out with no spots. I do not use a rinse aid either.A very nice little feature is the clips in the top rack that hold lighter items in place - for example those clear plastic storage containers/bowls I mentioned earlier - they will not go loose inside or flip upside down. There are also 2 other flaps along the side of the top rack that you can use to help keep smaller or lightweight items in place.The door does not go all the way down to the floor, it does have the kickplate at the bottom (as you can see in the pictures above). It is a standard - about 4 inch - kickplate. This is not a drawback by any means, just pointing it out as another review had stated that it does not have the kickplate. It definitely does.This unit performs wonderfully all the way around and it is in an affordable price range when compared to other units.My only tiny dislike is that the top of the unit where the controls are is finely textured (similar to some refridgerator door handles) and so since the unit is white, I see it getting dirty over time and needing a scrubbing. Our old refridgerator had a handle that was textured like this and after years of use, it was impossible to get it completely clean. I imagine eventually the control panel on this dishwasher will end up the same way. It may take longer though since the dishwasher doesn't get as much hands on traffic as the fridge handle does.I would definitely recommend this dishwasher. It is super quiet, super easy to use, and extremely efficient. It is also energy star rated, so it's power use is minimal and in most areas of the country it will qualify you for a rebate from your electric company.5 Star unit! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:00:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72110796	Very quiet, excellent cleaning with standard Finish Powertab detergent and very water/energy efficient.If you are careful loading it has good capacity.The racks have numerous features that allow for customization.We really like the silverware basket. It includes dividers that make emptying it very fast.The filter needs to be cleaned. I clean ours twice a week, takes a minute.There is no drying vent. I especially appreciate its absence since the vent from previous dishwashers damaged our cabinets. With no vent it is important to let the dishes cool, otherwise they will be wet. After cooling the dishes are dry.Very easy to install. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:00:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90642673	I never thought in my wildest dreams our little kitchen would house a dishwasher unless we did a major remodel. It took some time to figure out how to maximize the space in it, but overall, it cleans remarkably well and is quiet. I recommend to anyone with a tiny kitchen who is tired of breaking their back doing dishes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:00:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58198250	This piece of crap shouldn't even get 1 star, but that is the lowest rating Amazon has.We bought this dishwasher from Sears and were told it was one of the best ones out there.It never cleaned that well and takes forever to run through the cycle. And yes, the buttons are not designed correctly. You can turn it on without even knowing it, just by leaning on it. After about a year the dishwasher would stall in mid cycle and lights would flash. We would have to restart it several times. Now it stops all the time and water does not drain right. The soap stays in dispenser. The water sprayer propeller falls off.I called Samsung to complain and try and see if there was a recall and try and get a new dishwasher or money towards a new one.They just tried to sell me an extended warranty plan for $350.00. Forget that. I will buy from another company and stay away from Samsung. I am not a person that complains a lot. We have a Samsung fridge and TV's that work great. Also several cell phones in the family. But the dishwasher is a HUGE disappointment. I cannot believe that they will not back up their product. No more Samsung for me. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:03:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
56936785	I bought the Miele G5775 SCSF and paid the overpriced fee to have Miele do the install directly. This was for a new house. Just moved in and tried to use the dishwasher for the very first time. It immediately went to a lockout state with an error message, and will not even run the very first load. Called Miele and was told it would be 10 days before they could get a tech to even look at it (and I'm hoping he won't have to wait to order parts). Needless to say I'm not at all pleased moving into a new house with a new top-line (supposedly reliable) dishwasher, then having to hand-wash dishes. Miele's so-called Concierge Service is a joke. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:03:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
18001983	I'm a medical student. I don't have time for anything and before I bought this my dishes would pile up until it would turn into a several hour ordeal. It was much bigger than I expected though and didn't fit on my counter but it fits nicely on a small island. You do have to give up your faucet while its running 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:03:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86829190	This is an awesome Dishwasher.  I use a rinse agent and finish pod.  The dishes come out spotless and dry.  Adjustable racks are great.  Beautiful design. Easy to clean outside, but have to keep up as you can see all water marks, but no biggie for me. The outside is not real stainless..just the look of, but looks real. One thing it does that is differentis it plays a little tune when it's done....Oh...technology! Plus, LG are my initials...LOL. Buy it, you'll love it!  Better than the Kitchenaid I replaced it with.  I have only had it a week...hope I feel the same in the future. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:03:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24944674	We have had nothing but repairs the last 3 years we have owned this dishwasher. It all culminated in needing a whole new motor/pump at the 3 year mark. I have never had an appliance like this. It has had normal use once a day, sometimes not even. We have had problems from the start  Whirlpool has refused to label it a #34;lemon#34; defective machine, even after 15 service calls in 3 years. Just terrible. I will never buy another product from this company. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:03:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73051897	I really liked my first non-digital Danby until the drain pump failed after a year.  I coudln't get any response from Danby customer service (I needed a new drain pump) and stupidly ignored that and bought this digital Danby.  Well, now it's spin-spray arm stopped rotating reliably after only a month!  I don't like the fact that it's digital interface won't let you alter the cycle at all.  A real pain.  And I still can't get Danby customer service on the telephone (after waiting 30 minutes on hold) and they don't answer emails.  I won't buy another Danby, especially due to the customer service problem. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:05:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
54838174	I was a little skeptical after reading some reviews on these counter top dishwashers but ours has worked very well for the last month+.  No leaking, very easy to use, pretty quiet and cleans very well.  We even put small pots and pans into the machine and have had good results.  I would recomend this model to anyone who is sick of washing dishes.  We run ours almost every other day. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:05:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26808059	After agonizing over making this type of purchase online, without being able to see the product in person---I am sure glad I made the decision to purchase this Danby Dishwasher. I love it. Doesnt take up much space, is pretty quiet, does a great job washing dishes. Love it, love it, love it. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:05:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24681188	Wouldn't touch maytag dishwashers.  All we have had are problems from the motor to the racks, and door latch.  Customer service were the most unhelpful group of people I have ever delt with. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:05:18	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
79440862	Exactly as others have stated, the racks are horrible!  I have had multiple service calls regarding the upper racks and the wheels which seem to fall apart simply by looking at them.  So, on the 370th day of the 365 day warranty I called again for service.  As you would imagine, Kitchen Aid told me the product was out of service.  but you've been out several times already to fix this same exact issue on a $1,200 dishwasher and it continues to fail? I stated.  Well, the customer service representative did send my 1/2 of the necessary parts and put the repair labor on me.  Ok, not exactly what I expected but she did attempt to compromise.  She did recommend an extended warranty as well.  With the long line of problems I experienced I decided to go with the extended warranty for a few hundred bucks.  Here's where it gets interesting.... on my first call for service on the very predictable rack malfunction, you guessed it, the service representative informed me the extended warranty does not cover the upper rack!  But this is the very reason I bought the warranty I politely reply to the warranty service representative.  Sir, again, the extended warranty does not cover the racks.  Is there anything further I can assist you with?  Yeah, come pick this piece of junk up.I've built and remodeled several homes and purchased literally tens of thousands of dollars in appliances.  This is by far the worst experience of my life.  Stay away from Kitchen Aid.  Their poor quality product is only surpassed by their lack of commitment to customer service.  Buy a Bosch and never look back.#kitchenaiddishwasher 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:05:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
18558049	This isn't a review about the refrigerator so I won't go there. This dishwasher is unable to store anything in an efficient manner (like there refrigerator). This dishwasher cleans sometimes and doesn't at others... Now I have a light show on the control board... It doesn't help get the dishes clean. Did I mention we have had the board replaced on the stove as well? Also Electrolux. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:08:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
89062842	pretty much junk, it does not clean dishes and the drain system plugs up. Then you have to take it apart to clean it, or call and expensive repair service. And then it plugs up with and 9E again a short time later, Do not waste your time on this series of dishwashers. Hand washing is cheaper and causes much less stress. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:08:26	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
66139237	I've had this for almost 2 months.  So far so good it's still running like a champ.  Wasn't too hard to hook up the adapter that came with it; hooked right up to the faucet.  Took a minute to understand when the machine was complete because it didn't specify that feature in the directions.  Overall for what I needed it for it gets the job done. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:08:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35014197	The repairman just left my house and left behind a $600 dollar repair ESTIMATE for my six year old FisherPaykel; double drawer stainless dishwasher that is less than 6 years old, and which I paid over $1200 for.Apparently, the actuators have a manufacturers defect, which cause them to fail after a few of years.  This caused the internal lid to fail.  This in turn caused the dishwasher to start leaking all over my wood floors.  Thus, I need four new actuators and a new lid.  All on a six year old dishwasher that costs twice as much as a normal one that I should have bought instead.  I also had to pay Standard TV and Appliance in Portland, OR (where I bought the thing) $87 for them to tell me about the defect and that they would not cover it either.  I could have hired a personal dishwasher once a week for the amount of money that I spent on this boat anchor.This is obviously a low quality unit.  Don't waste your money.  If you want a drawer system, go with the Kitchen Aid.  This is nothing but a low quality piece of garbage. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:08:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"Manufacturers Defect" should be a thing	false
45994859	I don't know whether the product was damanged at Amazon's warehouse or in-transit.  Response and delivery time for Prime was, as usual, awesome.  Top left corner or stainless was dented and inside lower right corner was hit hard enough that it broke the plasic.  We are returning (to the tune of $244 freight costs -- which we have had to pay up-front -- Amazon may reimburse -- a bit irritating but we'll see how it works out).  Amazon is awesome 99.9% of the time -- this is the first time I've had this type of negative experience with them so I'm trying to take it in stride -- hard to do on a $1400+ item though -- maybe Amazon not the best choice for applicances.  Buying replacement from local vendor. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:08:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45238625	I bought this for work to avoid accidental showers from cleaning laboratory glassware.  It was actually hooked up to the deionized water line (after borrowing a connector from another sink to use the manufacturer's spout adapter).  This unit also comes in handy when you need a few rinses on a sinkful of dishes.  Be warned, however; capacity-wise, Erlenmeyer flasks should not have more than 1 L, beakers not more than 4.5 L. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:09:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26597877	I purchased this dishwasher to install in a small kitchen.  Worked great for 14 months and now will not fill with enough water to run the cycle.  Had the water inlet valve replaced and it worked for one cycle and again wouldn't fill with the proper amount of water.  Manufacture would not cover repairs (product has 1 yr warranty)! 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:09:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37396623	I purchased this dishwasher in June, and had it installed by a master plumber. The dishwasher would not work, I kept receiving an E1 error code. After talking to Danby customer service several times, It took almost a frustrating month and many calls to get a repair tech to come look at the dishwasher. It is fix now, after he had to replace internal wiring parts of the brand new dishwasher. #128533; 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:09:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
54518456	In choosing appliances for our new home, I decided to pay a premium price to get features I wanted. Despite it's high price and high end features, this machine has turned out to be the worst I have ever owned. I have purchased 2 Kenmore dishwashers in the past and had no complaints. This one started with problems from day 1. Disappointment in my selection started even before the first time I ran it. In the user guide it says that dishes should be rinsed before loading them in dishwasher. Are you kidding me?? If I'm going to spend the time to rinse dishes, I might as well have saved the $900 and just wash them all the way by hand. Then the machine itself also has problems. The racks have to be moved very carefully because they come off the tracks very easily. The control panel continually resets itself to some predetermined settings. Dish placement is very specific, and loading quickly will result in dirty dishes at the end of the cycle. Now, to top off the poor quality, after 6 months the display is flashing an error code which will require a service call to reset.In short, I would describe this #34;elite#34; product as poor quality, poor service. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:09:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
16276745	It's troubling to see others having the same issues I am having with this unit. This dishwasher almost caught fire when the circuit board burned and I was fortunately home to see it and stop it. The black charring and melted plastic on the circuit board and on the machine itself was really bad with the smoke. Have had to replace the main circulation motor, front panel, seals and now on 3rd front circuit board (2nd died - didn't burn like first). About ready to push it to the curb and swear off Frigidaire forever. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:09:44	Safety Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
21343452	I purchased this 8 months ago to replaced an el cheapo unit from costco which came with the house we bought. Having a well and very hard water, there wasn't so many dishwasher which has built in water softener, Many of the German units do(including Bosch)  I can't recall why i picked this over the Bosch but I've been very happy with it.  The racks are very flexible and are painted over stainless steel, which means when the paint does chip off the trays, you won't see rust. how cool is that?  So far, it's consumed 1 box of salt in about 7 months. I've experimented with a few detergents, so far the electrosol brand with the ball in the middle works best, but I'll try another brand later.  There are a few grips i have to say.  There is a 1 digit numeric LED on the front and a bunch of led lights for status, The only time the LED numbers show up is when you use the dishwasher with the delay feature which is to me pointless because this thing is so freaking quiet.  programming the amount of salt  rinse aid is abit of a joke, going back to the numeric led. instead of giving you the actual number, you have to count on the number of blinks on the led status light! wow. silly very silly.As for advertising the reprogrammability of the unit - I'm not sure why they'd even need this, it's not exactly HDMI where the standards keep revolving. it's a freaking dishwasher. ;)  @ 1500 dollars it's a hard purchase for us, but it's been pretty good so far. If you have hard water, rather then buy an all home water softener, you can buy this dishwasher or some of the Bosche/Thermodor(same company).  I couldn't find a US made dishwasher which has that built in, otherwise  i would have gotten a GE or Maytag.  Overall great unit, very quiet.  it runs while we watch tv, no issue at all.  My last unit before we moved was a maytag, it was pretty noisy, i always timed it to run at 5 or 6 am in the morning so I wouldn't have to hear it clunking away. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:10:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80196644	This is the loudest dishwasher ever! Even if I go into the back room to watch tv I have to turn the volume up. It doesn't clean all that well either. I usually use it as a drying rack and hand wash my dishes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:10:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
34311115	After 4 service visits and 1 in-shop service my Electrolux dishwasher still does not work properly. Authorized servicer came to evaluate why my Electrolux dishwasher did not work. He required prepayment to do the work and order a new drain pump. The drain pump was installed a few days later and it did not fix the problem. Ordered an additional upgrade kit and again installed the new part a few days later and the dishwasher still did not work.  Ordered a new computerboard and installed it a few days later with the same results. Authorized servicer requested to pick up my dishwasher to investigate the problem at their shop. The dishwasher was returned after a leak in the drain pan requiring an O ring that was not installed when manufactured and the hose clamp that was not tight enough to eliminate leakage. It was then finally able to start and not shutdown with blinking lights. Now, I have runned the dishwasher multiple times (at least 6) and with various types of dishwashing detergents (i.e. liquids and powders) and it does not clean ...the detergent does not dispense properly, meaning the water does not get hot enough to disburse the detergent. After 5 days of attempting to use the dishwasher I am done with this Electrolux product and am disputing my original charges with the authorized servicer. In the meantime, I'm going to purchase a Bosch. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:10:56	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
53988342	I live in a very small apt with a roommate and we both hateeee doing dishes-so I invested the money into this dishwasher. It fits on a shelf in our kitchen and its as easy as taking it out of the box and plugging it in!!! Super quiet and the dishes/pots/glasses are all SPOTLESS! best money ive ever spent! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:10:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52267506	I had a bosch dishwasher for 9 years and when the control panel broke i decided to get a new one rather than have it repaired -- Big mistake--i bought a comparable one and it stinks--it is small and loud--my past bosch made no noise--i hate this one.  inferior product --had bosch repairman look at it--told me thats what you get when you buy that bosch. Wish the guy at lowes had told me that I would have saved my money. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:10:56	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
80799343	I am shocked.  I have a brand new Frigidaire Gallery Dishwasher.  It was purchased less than 2 months ago; installed just a few weeks ago.  I noticed a few rust spots in the unit, but thought that maybe the lines needed to be cleaned out.  After 3 weeks of use, I've noticed that the entire bottom screen surrounding the drain is rusting out.  I called Frigidaire Service and they said rust is not a warranty item.  I explained to them the unit is BRAND NEW! She did not budge and restated that Frigidaire's policy does not cover rust and to call the company I purchased the unit from that maybe they will replace it for me.  TERRIBLE SERVICE!  Especially for a brand new, defective unit. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:18:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
16499106	Any potential customers out there know what I mean when I say must have been designed by a man?  Well, this dishwasher looks good, and the ideas look really good on paper.  But for anyone who actually uses it ... you'll be on your knees plenty.  NOT DESIGNED BY ANYONE WHO USES IT!!!  The whole dishwasher salt thing ... first it's impossible to get dishwasher salt unless you order it online.  But the really exasperating part (which drove me to make my very first review here on Amazon) is that the dishwasher does not bother to communicate to you that the salt you have already added has been exhausted, until you need to add more salt ... which is when you try to start the dishwasher!!!  What that means to me is that the dishwasher is full of dishes (especially the hefty bottom rack), and I'm pressing the button for it to run.  But no ... it doesn't run.  It took me a while to realize that the reason it doesn't run is that the tiny, tiny little, little light on the dashboard says to add salt.  So once you have figured that out, if the bottom rack is full (as it usually is when you try to run the dishwasher), you are going to have to perform gymnastics suitable for the Olympics to wash your dishes.  If you can get the heavy-loaded bottom rack out as far as it will roll, you will then have to squat or bend over uncomfortably and (hopefully evading the dinner plates already loaded into position) utilize the Popeye-spinach forearm of your dominant hand to un-screw the plastic cover of the salt dispenser.  (For the first time, you will undoubtedly need to consult your Bosch Operating Instructions to find out where the salt dispenser is, so be sure they are handy ... as well as the dishwasher salt that you will have had to order online.)  Once you have managed to remove the plastic cover, you will need a funnel (Oh, sorry ... you don't have one?  Well, better get one!) so you can squat or bend over again and pour the precious dishwasher salt from some vessel into the tiny hole where the dishwasher salt goes.  OR ELSE YOU CANNOT WASH ANOTHER DISH ... EVER!!!  This happens most often when dinner guests are expected to arrive within an hour.  The really, really sucky thing for me is that my glasses still come out with spots on them, so often I have to wash them again by hand and dry them to remove the spots.  I would very much like to meet the person(s) who designed this high-end dishwasher.  I promise that, if you get in touch with me, I will pour you the cocktail or glass of wine of your choosing.  I would just like to know whether you have ever used this machine, and if so, how often ... and what curse words do you use when you have to add salt. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:18:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
33387262	I needed a dishwasher pretty badly and this gets the job done most of the time.  its pretty good for the price, but the inside smells very bad, very quickly.  I use dishwasher cleaner in it, I clean the filter regularly and I run it immediately, not letting dirty dishes sit.  I found that placing a cup of white vinegar on the top wrack has helped a bit, for now.Ive had an error pop up on it once or twice, but its usually pretty easy to fix.  It also broke my sink at one point and I had to replace the sprayer.  My sink stopped working all together for about 3 days. This has happened twice.  After replacing the sprayer it started working again. I think it had to do with the pressure from the adapter.The dishes come out clean about 70% of the time. Sometimes they need to be run through twice.  (these are scraped and pre-rinsed dishes, mind you, not crusty or filthy ones.)The customer service is very helpful and very friendly. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:18:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
13816213	I bought one which didn't work out of the box. The companies that subcontract their warranty work in Los Angeles have terrible reviews on yelp but I figured I'd give it a shot. A service tech came out and said he had to order a part. After waiting for three weeks I returned the unit. Their support was very polite but useless. I think they have no parts actually in North America and are waiting for it to come Via container. Oh BY the way I have not gotten a call from the repair people yet. BEWARE!!!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:18:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
65356710	This dishwasher does what it is supposed to do - washes my dishes.  It was in the lower price range so I am not sure what people are spending so much $$ for with the higher priced washers. It is quiet too although my old one made a horrible racket in the end so I may not be a good judge on this aspect.  I liked buying it from a small family company as well. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:18:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
69903585	I am sad there is no zero star option. Reading the bad reviews make me sad I ever thought this dishwasher was a good buy. I had actually purchased an extra year warranty, but as soon as it ran out, the top rack started tearing apart, $68 in parts for two plastic pieces. To add insult to injury, now it is stopping midcycle as so many others are doing. Google KitchenAid stopping in midcycle, not an isolated issue. My authorized KitchenAid repair guy, awesome by the way, said basically it was 90 % the board, and go buy another dishwasher because it was an ongoing issue with these units. $500 to fix a less than 3 year old dishwasher that is obviously a huge POS across the board is not an option for me. I for one will never buy another KitchenAid appliance product. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:20:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
71471408	After just having to call in a service call for my Frigidaire microwave, I saw my awful dishwasher is still being sold and thought I'd write yet another review on this cheap product so others will know not to purchase this. Let me say that I'm no fan of Frigidaire and was heartbroken when I had to leave my new Maytag appliances at my previous house when we sold it.  I had no idea our builder used Frigidiare appliances, so you can imagine my disappointment when I first saw them in the house.  Oh well, I thought.. I'm getting a new house, so I can adjust.  Or so I thought.  I absolutely hate this dishwasher.  The outside stainless portion has rust marks on it and it's so loud you wouldn't believe it.  I have to laugh everytime I look at the Use  Care Manuel because Frigidaire boasts how quiet this machine is.  I don't know what they're comparing it to, but we have to constantly turn up the TV when it's running because it's so loud.  We've been in our house for less than a year and we're already looking at replacing this due to the noise.  And the other people who rated this are correct to say that it doesn't dry plastic, but then I will say that not every dishwasher does, so I'm not going to knock them down on that.  Do not waste your money on this dishwasher, even if it's for a rental property.  Spend a little extra and get a better quality model so you don't go nuts over the noise. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:20:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
42990890	Worst purchase! After a year was starting to make the loud whining noise but the other night came out to a flood in the kitchen. The heating element burnt through the tub, warping it and then left a hole! only 18 months old, WTH! No satisfaction from service even though I pointed out the over 100 complaints about the same issue. Offered to comp the parts but not the labor, which would be over $300! Won't get another and won't get this one repaired. I'm afraid the house will burn down! Stay away from this one!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:20:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
21625839	Perfect. Quiet. Notifies you when it's done. Didn't wake up the neighbors lol.It really cleans dishes quite thoroughly. I am thankful I was able to get this at such a price. :) 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:20:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59942974	I have hated this dishwasher from the day I got it. Inconvenient to load; I never was able to properly fit as much in, or as organized, as my old one. The top rack has fallen out a few times, then had a piece break off of the rack which we had to properly secure with a wing-nut just to keep it up. It sometimes stops mid-cycle for no particular reason. ..I just would notice the lights are off but no green light to indicate it was done.. so we have to re-run the cycle because we don't know where it actually stopped. Sometimes ignores the Heat Dry option so I have a wet load of dishes when it's done. A couple of the lights on the panel  never go out, they just stay lit dimly all the time. Sometimes the dishes just aren't clean. These problems have just gotten worse and worse since we owned it and the actual mechanical problems did not start until the warranty was over of course. We have only had it 2.5 years and now a hose or clamp is leaking so we are not bothering to fix it. This was a very expensive dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:20:17	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
33488296	Have been using this little machine for only a month but so far it works as well as any full sized I've ever used. As far as fitting large plates in it, I turned the rack around so that I can put plates in last and they fit well that way. Had no problem with hook-ups, was very simple. I purchase a small microwave rolling cart for it to sit on. It is a bit too low so I use a large waste can to drain it. It's a good bargin (from Amazon w/free shipping) I am retired and have limited space and don't really need a full size (except when company comes) so it's perfect for me. Will up-date after a few more months of use. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:24:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24445772	- One strong person with long arms can pick it up and move it.  It's about as big as an extra-large microwave.- It was easy to swap out the faucet-nozzle-thingy.  I think I did it without any tools, just uncrewed the nozzle that was one the sink and replaced it.  I can swap it back easily when I move out of this apartment.- The one downside of the nozzle is that when the dishwasher isn't attached, the water tends to shoot out of the faucet rather more aggressively than it did with normal cap, and thus I tend to splash myself more.- It doesn't work quite as well as a full-size dishwasher in terms of stuff that's stuck on or chunky, but normal dishwashers aren't really that great at that anyway.- My dinner plates don't fit into it very well, but no one complains about eating off of the salad plates and just taking seconds.  If you host a lot and were planning to use it to wash dinner plates... you won't be able to.- So far, I haven't had any problems with it breaking or leaking (I've had it for about a year). 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:24:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
38652786	Have had the dishwasher 3 years now. The door leaked 3 times in the first year, all covered by warranty. It takes 5 - 10 days for each in home repair. Since warranty ended the door leaked again, and an internal hose leaked flooding the kitchen floor. Both of these repairs I paid for, around $100 each. Today the control panel smells like it burnt up, and the unit stopped running. That part looks like it is covered under warranty, but the labor will not be. Looks like it is time to part ways with this, as I feel like I am tossing good money after bad.As far as performance, the best thing about the unit, it looks great, and is super quiet when running. The racks don't load very well compared to a Maytag. The dishes don't always dry.Conclusion: Add LG to the list of banned household appliances, just not made to last. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:24:15	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43585142	Maytag doesn't repair their own machines!  They can't even place a sticker #34; not working order#34; on their machines or repair their own answering service which is choppy when trying to call them!  More than money lost is sad working order machines that cost clothing to be left wet and have to be hung out where there is no place to hang and time lost! 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:24:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
18574035	We've had our new dishwasher for two weeks. It is EXTREMELY quiet and seems to hold more than our previous KitchenAid DW of 15 years as we don't seem to wash a load as often. One difference from our previous...even after having the Heat/Dry cycle ON, my first load left the dishes and stainless steel interior WET, whereas, I was used to them both being bone-dry. Could be the new technology doesn't dry them the same way. Anyway, I then added a rinse agent per the instructions that it would help with drying, and it did. Now the dishes and interior are much drier. Secondly, I had read previous comments about the outside control buttons being sensitive if you brush up against them--and they are! I have frequently 'started' the DW by accident. So I now keep the child Control Lock ON and only turn it off when I need to start a load. I also moved the upper rack up to the higher level to allow cookie sheets and larger items on the bottom rack, which still leaves plenty of room on the upper rack. The silverware caddy is ample but doesn't have a place for long items like my old one did. Other than that, I'm happy with it. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:24:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
58836185	Did you know that Samsung has a Sales Prevention Team working in their organization? It is their customer service group! This organization must be so bad that their own Authorized Service Providers do not speak highly of your brand. Many have stopped performing warranty service on Samsung. After three different, successively worse, service encounters from Samsung, we will not purchase anything from Samsung. Initial sticker price may be less than GE or Maytag, but it's not worth the hassle over the life of the appliance.First diashwasher was dead-on-arrival, second one is working fine so far... and yes, the buttons do rub off very easily! After one week of placing a service ticket to fix it- I am waiting for someone to comeout and relace the front panel. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:25:24	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	inconvenience complaint (appliance not working initially)	true
73313250	F- RatingIf I could go lower I would.  This is the worst dishwasher I can imagine.  After less than 1 month of use the motor has failed and makes a grinding noise typical motor failure you'll read about on other boards.  Nor does this product clean dishes well.  I want my money back I do not want to deal with this.  I will contact the US Consumer Protection agency to file a federal complaint to perhaps stop importing these engineering disasters. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:25:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	motor defect, noise, cleanliness complaints	true
75233859	Bought the kenmore elite and was happy for 1.5 years.  Paid sears tech $75 to tell me the control panel was out and there was no warranty.  The control panel is $345 plus labor was going to be $525.  Research shows this is common problem with this model. Several friends have Bosch and are very happy.  Can't justify repairs and the tech agreed.  Buy a Bosch and not from Sears 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:25:24	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	inconvenience complaint	true
45753311	We moved into our house three months ago and this appliance was already installed.  First off, I hate stainless steel and don't understand the infatuation people have with it.  But, I was willing to put up with its ugliness as long as it worked.  But, it doesn't even work very well.  Added to that, it's quite annoying that the Electrolux website doesn't even offer the manual.  I have no manual so I can't figure out all the ins and outs of the machine.  It's not very user friendly.  It took several tries to figure out how to get it to start...even then sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't.  All the lights flash when done, so it's almost like it's never shut down.  What's with that??  Now I'm reading the other reviews and hearing that the thing may start to break anytime soon anyway.  Considering selling this turd and buying something more reliable and cheaper (I can't believe the previous owners paid this much for a DISHWASHER!). 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:25:24	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	inconsitency complaint (power switch), inefficiency complaint (wasting energy)	true
50599383	Dishwasher is a perfect solution to my son's small rental house without a dishwasher installed. Connected easily. Only downside is it would not fit on countertop (cabinets were too low). 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:25:24	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	external size	true
22304934	I purchased my Kuds30fxss5 in October of 2012 because the rack system on the Maytag I had had for 12 years broke.  12 years is a reasonable amount of time to have a dishwasher.  However, after less than 8 months the plastic parts that hold the upper rack in the running tracks on this machine are in pieces on my dining room table and now I have to call customer service.  The store I bought it in says I have no recourse with them.....just with the company.  Judging from the other posts at best I'll get replacement parts but they are made so poorly they'll probably break again in less than a year.  Their other machines have much more sturdy rack systems (wheels, tracks etc).  I'm hoping they are interchangeable.  Don't buy this machine.  Buy one with a stronger rack system.  I will update this after I speak to customer service.  The parts will cost me more than 50 bucks if I have to buy them...which I sincerely hope I don't have to do. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
76115896	I admit: this dishwasher had worked about 8 months without a problem until it stopped working. It was compact and comfortable while it worked. The real problem of this machine is in its poor reliability and after service.Here is my case. When my dishwasher stopped working, I checked Haier America website for available service centers. I could find one after three times of phone calls, because the previous two quit the job of fixing Haier. (Now the third service center joined the club and I'll talk about how this fact has driven me crazy, later.)So they sent an engineer. My dishwasher, according to the person, became out of order because its control board was transformed by heat. The engineer showed me how poor the isolation between the washing compartment and the control board was.After the engineer checked the dishwasher, I had to wait for the arrival of a new control board from Canada(!). But one week later, the service center called me to say that they failed to get a control board of the model and so I would have to call Haier America for a new machine. (My dishwasher is still under warranty.)So did I. The problem was that I had to have the service center call Haier to make it sure that the machine is not fixable, told Haier customer service. They even need a document to prove the fact! Being worse, the service center who sent an engineer joined the club of once-a-haier-service-center-but-quit-now. Nevertheless, the service center people were mostly willing to help, but the problem was that Haier needed a printed/written document to prove the machine's unfixability. I hope that they kept the document even after quitting Haier service, but the service center person who received my phone call concerning this problem said to that they would have to check it.Anyway, now it's about one month after the machine started malfunction, and still I have to wait for the shipment of a new machine at least another two days, under the supposition that the service center kept the document of my dishwasher and sent it to Haier in normal fashion. So many quot;ifquot;s.Here is a bottom line. By and large, Haier is a relatively new brand in the USA whose products' reliability was not proven. But their most serious problem is the poor customer service designed to make the customers wait for a very long time (at least in some cases of repair and exchange) based on mistrust. For some reason, their service centers are quitting the contract with them, and the parts for their products are unavailable in many regions of the USA. When I consider these facts, I know that I won't buy another Haier product and so I don't recommend their products to any other people. Thank you. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54278141	I got this washer today and it's running as I type this. Contrary to other reviews, it was quite easy to set up and assemble; I had no problem with anything. I hope it washes as well as it looks. I will run it through quite a test all day today to assure its capabilities and limits, then I'll let you know. So far, I'm loving my dishwasher and can't wait to see what it can really do.I put it through the ringer and I'm a bit disappointed but not enough to send it back, I hope this helps.  I lowered my FIVE STAR to a three and a half star for two main and strong reasons. The washer will not remove anything really tough and it does not have a dry cycle (I don't mind this but if you do, this is not the washer for you). 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17871707	I have my Danby Countertop dishwasher in a small kitchen in Brooklyn, NY and it is just plain a great product. I have had it for almost two years without any problems and I use it constantly.  I sometimes worry that Danby might change the design because even if mine broke I would buy another one without hestitation. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81506321	SHE6AF02UCSHE6AP02UCThe Bosch SHE6AP02UC was advertised to be one of the quietest dishwashers in North America with a noise rating of 50 dBA, about the average for the interior volume of a modern automobile while idling. With the Bosch running, I can listen to my TV show and even fall asleep in the next room without being bothered by the dishwasher.The rack design and layout needs some slight improvement. There's some wasted space, but I could load up all of the dishes, pots, and utensils I use for an entire day. The plastic tray/bin is very versatile. The door latch can be quite tight, and the mechanism for the detergent can be a bit finicky. The jet dry rinse agent reservoir doesn't make a lot of sense because it is hard to tell if it is full or needs to be filled. There's a sensor that tells you if it needs to be refilled, but I couldn't easily tell the current level. The Bosch takes either detergent tablets or regular detergent.The instruction manual is very bad. There are a lot of discrepancies in the models and features, and it is even harder when they basically state that these features are dependent on the model - great, so does my SHE6AP02UC or SHE6AF02UC have this or not?? My dishwasher was actually a SHE6AF02UC, and had EcoWash instead of AutoWash. Otherwise it was identical to SHE6AP.The installation of the dishwasher was tricky. The water intake port faced the front, which makes no sense when most plumbing is from the bottom or from the back wall. I had to fabricate a converter using copper pipe and two 90 degree elbows so the water could be fitted directly from the rear. Bosch should have made the intake facing the rear or at least the side.The exhaust or drain pipe is nothing more than translucent convoluted plastic tubing, and there's a filtration system that helps collect debris before it gets pumped out.Bosch has a terrific reputation for making quality and reliable electric motors or solenoids. Bosch fuel injectors are used on practically every automobile on the road. Bosch electric pump motors are also commonly used in automotive applications. Their reputation stayed true when I ran this dishwasher. The vibration was non-existent and the loudest sound came from the water itself. The sweeper arms were virtually silent, and the pumps are extremely quiet during the draining and filling process.The wash cycles are described in the manual. I haven't been able to get the SANITIZED light to come on, but there is a 30 minute dry heat period just before the cycle is completed. It helps accelerate the drying process. All of my dishes, pots, cups, and pans come out spotless. My complaint is that there's no easy way of adjusting the rinse agent quantity used for each cycle. You have to enter a special setting mode to change the dry heat option and rinse agent quantity. Basically you hold the RIGHT carat key (&gt;) and the START button, then release the START button. The right carat changes between the dry heat (d) and the rinse agent ( r ) settings.Pros: Stout unit with lots of settings to choose from (2 hours+ to 30 minute quick wash), easy to use, vibration-free, extremely quiet, a pleasure to use.Cons: Inefficient rack layout, instruction manual that has plenty of discrepancies, unintuitive installation procedure, the detergent tray doesn't lock as positively as I'd like.Overall: 4/5 stars. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:26:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
70823643	I have owned it for 8 months now and use it 3 times each week.  It does a great job cleaning and has never once had a malfunction. For the money it was a the best purchase I have made for my home! 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:30:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50590092	This dishwasher is horrible.  It's a bottom-of-the-line product that ships from the factory with known leaking issues.  If you have this dishwasher and want to see what I mean, run your dishwasher empty.  It will leak all over the floor.For the second time in three months, I've had to call a repair person to come fix it.  The power won't even turn on.This dishwasher is less than a year old.Garbage. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:30:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35987157	I bought this item without doing any research after my old Whirlpool died after 13 years of faithful service.Even before I picked it up I had a bad feeling, mainly because of where it was manufactured, but it looked good and was priced right.When the FIRST one arrived right away I noticed a problem.  The door was bent, and off by about 1/4 of an inch and so would not open.  Two days later a replacement arrived and the door worked, but we later discovered that the input gasket was not quite circular and so the elbow fitting would not fit into it without a leak.  Even with teflon tape there would be a leak.  So I gave up.  Returned the item and will never ever buy a Samsung product again unless it is made in Korea.In short, poor build quality, not worth 1 star.  Avoid at all costs you will really be unhappy. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:30:17	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
45898357	It worked great, but died after 1 1/2 years of 3x a week usage. The cost of parts (excluding labor) would be almost as much as what I paid for it. I had used an Edgestar dishwasher of similar design for eight years before it died. Won't be buying from this manufacturer again. :( 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:30:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83008260	This is an adequate dishwasher but it leaves a bit to be desired.  Our glasses do not fit as snugly as they ought (and did in three previous dishwashers!) so they have room to move around when the water is running.  Clearly not an ideal situation.  My coffee mugs likewise do not fit in a logical manner but we keep trying to find the right combination of items to keep the upper rack from being a mess.  We haven't found it yet.The silverware tray is removable and that is about as useful as it gets.  No matter what we do, we cannot find a way to put our silverware in to our satisfaction.  The very narrow part that is clearly designed for knives is so wide that they end up falling over and can actually slip down onto the floor of the section.  There are other sections, none of which is very large so it allows for dividing every type of utensil into its own space but the useless narrow part makes some of these sections even smaller than they already are limiting how many of each type can go in a single space.It runs well, although it takes a long time to cycle through a complete wash.  I like it but there are some very clear design flaws that simply do not make sense whatsoever. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:30:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71023826	My old Amana dishwasher died after doing a great job for 12 yrs. Now I really am enjoying doing the dishes again!My new Amana is extremely nice! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:32:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53840335	Very disappointed with this dishwasher.  While it is very quiet, during every regular load, there are dishes that have to be rewashed because they have food on them.  Switched to Cascade liquid and have had better results than store brand powder but, still not up to expectations.  Also, the silverware bin is very difficult to load and unload.  Would not buy this again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:32:08	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
66155331	After three afternoons off work to visit with repairmen from two different companies, Kitchenaid informed me that there was nothing wrong with my diswasher.  Used every detergent they suggested, ran water until hot, loaded unit 10 different ways.  There is something wrong however with the product....IT DOES NOT PERFORM THE TASK IT WAS DESIGNED TO DO!!!  WASH DISHES. KItchenaid (Whirlpool) will not help at all...just sticks to the company line that there is nothing wrong with the product.  By the way, the term PowerDry that they use so loosely means heat dry in some units, but a fan that runs for 3 hours in this unit.They are selling a piece of junk and there is no way they don't realize it.  Never paid so much for so little and had such unresponsive customer service. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:32:08	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
19465606	I am giving this dishwasher 1 star because it does look and act like a real dishwasher. It has a door, racks, it makes #34;whooshing#34; sounds, and it has buttons that beep. The numerous mentions of Energy Stars make it sound powerful and glamourous.However, what this machine does NOT manage to do is actually clean our dishes. Every single load we attempt to wash with this machine, regardless of the settings, regardless of the amount of soap, the kind of soap, regardless of how we load it (heavy/light), or where we load it, the same result is the same: our dishes, pots and pans, glasses, cutlery, etc. come out only barely cleaner than we put them in.Here's how we now use this #34;dishwasher#34;:step 1) We carefully scrub and pre-rinse and sometimes manually wash (with soap!) most items BEFORE we put into this washer, knowing that any particle (a piece of lettuce, a piece of rice, coffee residue, fat, etc) may get baked unto something else in the washer. As one reviewer mentioned: dirt never leaves this machine. It just gets randomly distributed. So better remove it in advance, because you'll be scraping it off the bottom of your glasses.step 2) The dishwasher pretends to wash the dishes for hours. That's when it makes the magical energy star sounds.step 3) We take our items out, inspect them, and manually re-re-clean about 50%. This involves a lot of scraping, rinsing, soap, and chagrin.We've started to just skip the dishwasher and do our dishes manually, because we know the dishwasher will not clean them or just make things worse. That's how poorly this DW cleans.I do give it a triple Energy Star, because it does a great job at tripling our energy and water use! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:32:08	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
53803217	I WANT TO BUT THIS ITEM.BUT I DONT UNDERSTAND HOW TO MAKE THE PAYMENT .I WILL PAY WITH MY DEBIT CARD. CAN SOME ONE TELL ME HOW TO DO IT? THANK YOU 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:32:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77516531	The control panel is a flat, touch screen type system rather than a #34;push button#34; system.  The #34;buttons#34; are outlined on the panel so you know where to touch it to activate the cycle you want, but  they're not actually buttons.  It's a flat control panel and it is ultra sensitive.  It takes no pressure whatsoever to activate it.  If anyone gets near it and inadvertently brushes up against it, one of the #34;buttons#34; gets activated.  In the middle of a cycle, the #34;cancel/drain#34; designated area of the control panel accidentally got touched by someone at the sink beside it and the machine did exactly that.  It canceled the current cycle and drained the water and shut off.  I had to start it all over, which wasted time, water and energy.  It's also super easy to touch the control panel without meaning to if you don't keep your thumb out of the way when you open the door.  I've only had it for 4 days and I can't even count how many times the machine has reacted to a part of the panel being accidentally touched.  The slightest touch will activate it.  I don't even have any small children in the house.  If you have curious little hands which like to touch everything they pass, the machine will be activating 100 times a day.  As for cleaning, it does clean exceptionally well, but doesn't dry near as thoroughly as ANY previous dishwasher I've ever owned.  When it's done, the entire interior of the machine is still wet (the dishes are 90% dry, but not the walls of the machine itself).  I've had to leave the door open to air dry it out for fear of it beginning to rust inside.  Maybe that's just the way of the new energy saving models and maybe they all dry less these days.  If I had it to do over, I wouldn't choose this model again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:33:15	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
85439909	- It does not clean the dishes well enough.. we have to completely rinse them before they are loaded.- It does not dry the dishes, we had to turn on this mode which keeps the fan on for 4 hours after the wash cycle.- We have to use heavy wash almost always, which takes 130 minutes (+drying time)- A lot of times, it has a lot of water remaining in the drawer- It has an 'Eco' mode, which basically means that it will just not use anything that is needed to do proper cleaning.. dishes come out dirty and wet.Overall, it doesn't do what its meant to: Clean dishes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:33:15	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
36219469	It's better than nothing, but not by as much as I'd hoped.On the positive side, it runs well, is not too loud, and fits in a small kitchen. Sometimes it even cleans its contents well.However, it has very few spaces in which you can put anything other than plates and silverware. Even cereal bowls are hard to fit, let alone pots, mixing bowls, or storage containers.Worse, it doesn't reliably clean the contents. I frequently find items with food or dried dishwashing powder still on them. It's possible that might be alleviated by using liquid detergent instead (which I plan to try), but when you consider the fact that the whole point of the appliance is to clean dishes, its failure to do so is pretty damning.It might be an acceptable (though probably still not good) dishwasher for someone who mostly eats take-out and preprepared food. If you cook at all, I wouldn't recommend it. Unfortunately there aren't many options for an 18 dishwasher, especially if you're on a budget. You might actually be better off saving your money and hand-washing dishes - you're going to have to do a fair amount of that anyway even if you buy this dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:33:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
65289194	In a small apartment kitchen it seems the counters are forever full of dirty dishes.  Give up about two feet of linear counter-top with this dishwasher and you can replace dirty dishes with a big white boxy appliance.We are averaging, in a family of 2, about one and a half cycles a day.  There are several problems with the d/w design.- it really does NOT handle dinner plates that are larger than 10 inches without slanting them into the racks, and this cuts down a lot on the space available for dishes.  While the shorter height allows the d/w to sit under the upper cabinets, this compromise means that normal dinner plates (and forget about modern large plates or serving pieces) just are not a good match for this sized d/w.- the strange permutations of the racks has very shallow tines for plates (if your plates have a deep bowl they won't stack neatly), low clearances for glasses and some widely spaced racking that lets a lot of normal dishes slip between support racks.  If you stack the dinner plates where they suggest, there's less room for bowls, glasses and mugs.  If you put your glasses and mugs towards the front to accomodate the dinner plates, they slip between the support racks.  Unless you use cups and saucers, the folding upper rack meant for your coffee mugs is too short.  Stacking chaos is the order of the day until you realize you just won't fit in a 6 piece setting unless everything is miniaturized.- the cutlery box has a lid on it with holes for supporting cutlery.  But the lid is either on, or off, not one half up and the other down.  Since half of it has holes obviously meant for chopsticks and not north american cutlery, the lid has to come off and your cutlery leans into each other.This sort of design drives you nuts and means, ultimately, that you will probably run it a few times a day if you want all your dishes washed in the machine.  The run-time is 80 minutes for a cycle.  On the up side, being a small dishwasher that won't hold 6 sets of dishes unless you are a Liliputian,  it's a quick unload and load up, and keeps your dishes off your counter.It is not too loud, the set-up is easy and fast, the connections done with a small wrench to tighten the faucet adapter, and the dishes, if stacked correctly, come out clean.  Make sure to use rinse-aid and the recommended amount of d/w detergent or soap (I use a green product and with the recommended measurement have no problem with dishes being clean).Bottom line; it's maybe better than washing dishes, but it does not provide all the convenience of a full size dishwasher in a smaller size.  It provides about 35% of the convenience of a full size dishwasher, and my 3 stars reflects this limitation. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:33:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
86742145	We purchased our house in 2009 with a brand new Frigidaire dishwasher included.Last month, my husband and I woke up at 1 a.m. to our fire alarms going off and a strong smell of burning plastic. We quickly grabbed our toddler and baby, ran outside and called the fire department. Turns out our 4 year old Frigidaire dishwasher's electrical panel caught fire. Now we have $15,000 worth of damage to our house due to smoke damage, water damage, and a charred dishwasher area. I've attached the picture of the burned dishwasher. Home owner's only covers so much, and we're paying plenty out of pocket, eating fast food to try and keep things cheap, not to mention dealing with the inconvenience of not having a kitchen with two young children. (Ever tried scrubbing bottles and dishes in the bathroom tub?)When we contacted Frigidaire, they gave us the run around and then basically told us without a receipt for the item, they would do nothing. It was installed by the contractor who sold us our house, so we don't have a receipt. Frigidaire also went on to tell us that they reuse serial numbers on their appliances, so there is no way to track their products.  Upon doing some research online, fires with their products specifically dishwashers, are all too common (google `Frigidaire Fire'). But there is NO recall on this product!I would seriously reconsider buying Frigidaire with this kind of product defect history, plus lack of customer service. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:33:15	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73403726	After much research, we ordered the Meile Dishwasher.We felt we were getting the best price from Amazon's EvVive Home {About Seller. evVive Home store at Amazon was launched in late 2008 to celebrate home, life and living.}However, when it arrived, it was missing parts - In Particular, The Stainless Steel Door!For a month, we have been going back and forth...but of course Amazon has no phone numbers and they refuse to do anything about it.What a Nightmare!!Never Use EvVIVE!! 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:35:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52378324	Replaced a FUNCTIONING yet older dishwasher that was 12 years old.  Purchased Kitchenaid thinking I'd get many years of trouble free operation!  NOT!!!!  within a month we were seeing that dishes were not coming as clean as our old machine.  4 months later the entire pump assembly had to be replaced.  NOW at 14 months (Two months out of warranty), it won't even light up....DEAD....and I'm told it's going to cost me damn near HALF of what I paid for it to get it fixed.....REALLY.....NEVER, EVER buy Kitchenaid! 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:35:39	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
83199058	I bought this a few months back and I wanted to wait to write my review of the item so I could give a good review and not just a Yay it got here kind of review. I've used it many times over the past few months.The piece that replaces the tap on your faucet is a little hard to attach, you need a strong wrench and strong hands to do it, but otherwise, once attached it was fine. I've actually left it attached and when not hooked up to the dishwasher the faucet still works just fine.I've used the dishwasher several times now and I love it. It's been a major lifesaver. Instructions are simple to follow and it's very easy to use. I have it fixed on a counter top and just plug it in and hook it up when I need to use it. It does have both a detergent area and a rinse aid area, so I was able to purchase some Jet Dry for the dishes which makes me happy since I know the dishes will not only come out clean, but sparkling without spots.I live alone so it takes some time to create enough dishes to use the washer, but I never worry when I use it. I know now the dishes will come out clean and wonderful. The program run takes a bit of time, but it does have a loud 8 beep noise to indicate the run is over so I don't worry about it.I was a bit nervous purchasing this one when it had no reviews, but it was one of the cheaper countertop dishwashers out there so I wanted to take the chance. I'm very happy that I did.It was very well packaged without a single ding or scratch upon arrival. It was a very large box, but not terribly heavy, I'm a single woman who doesn't go to the gym and while it was hard to do I was able to get the box into my car and out of my car, up the stairs to my apartment, out of the box, and onto the counter without any issues. Again, this was hard for me to do, but if you have help, or a stronger person around it should be almost no issue at all. It's more bulky than it is heavy. I live in a small apartment with very little counter space, but this takes up the space I used to have the dish drying rack on while fitting underneath my cabinets and next to my sink. It was perfect for my needs. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:35:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32293956	I totally agree with the review from Kay.We purchased this dishwasher a few months ago in August 2012.  Our old, reliable Maytag finally died on us.  It washed things so well and we had no idea how old it was because it was in the house when we bought it.  We mainly purchased the Whirlpool because it is made in the USA and matched our new fridge.  It does not wash well and I fully agree with Kay when she comments on the position of the basket for silverware.  We always rinse our dishes well before putting them in the machine and run the machine at least once every two days (sometimes every day).  I always end up hand washing stuff again, particularly silverware.  The basket design makes the silverware crowded.  There is no variation in the baskets inside the machine to allow for different shapes and sizes of dishes like my old one so you end up fiddling around trying to get things to sit well in there if they aren't plates on bottom, glasses and cups on top.  I wish we hadn't purchased this and am wondering how I can get a refund. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:35:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
39336712	The rack in this dishwasher seems to have been designed for planar dishes.  And lots of them.  If your dishes are totally flat, it's designed to wash complete settings for 12 people!However, any dish with any depth to it will NOT stand up in the narrow pin spacing of this rack.  Anywhere.  It is impossible to load more than three dishes in the ENTIRE dishwasher without them tipping over and crashing into each other.  And then you can't load anything else.AND, the upper rack will not allow you to load any glass (particularly wine glasses) taller than 7 inches.So, if you run a prison cafeteria with flat metal plates and short cups, this might be the dishwasher for you.  If not, look elsewhere. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:35:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
65907449	7 years ago, I bought a Danby countertop d.w. - I think it's this model # as it looks the same.  It worked perfectly, ran smoothly, no leaks for all that time.  I wasn't paying attention one day  loaded it wrong, so the spray arm got jammed and I think I did something to the motor.  IT STILL CLEANS, NO LEAKS - it's just loud now.  I live in a quiet San Francisco studio apt., so I'm going to replace it with exactly the same (if not newer) model.The reviews on other small d.w.'s aren't so good,  I'm going with what's proven to be a durable washer of dishes!  A top spray arm would be a nice addition, but the models with 2 are often higher  I can't fit those.With any small d.w., you DO have to rinse old eggs  sauces from plates or the whole lot can come out spotty.  No large plates will fit  you have to load it so that nothing falls in the way of the spray arm.In my tiny place, it fits perfectly near the sink.  I really like it and can't wait for the new one! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:36:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57315977	The spindle that the wash arm connects to is mounted off axis. Consequently, one side of the wash arm was about an inch higher than the other side and got stuck on the dish rack. I ran the unit once without the dish rack with no change. There is no work around for this, so I returned it to Amazon as defective. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:36:47	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
23944591	This dishwasher is terrible!!  We got one about 2 months ago through our home warranty (our old one went out after several years).  After two weeks, the touchpad started acting up- it would take several tines to get it to complete the settings.  Then, it completely stopped working.  We made a call and it was determined that the touchpad  went out.  After waiting a month, the parts came in and the dishwasher started working again.  And then, like clockwork, it has stopped working after two weeks again!!!  Horrible product!!!!!I only gave it one star because I wasn't able to give it zero. It deserves a zero++++++ 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:36:47	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31375933	We recently purchased a new home and this appliance was one the builder chose. Coming from a much older home with an older and less expensive dishwasher, I am very disappointed with this one. My rinse indicator light stays on as someone else said, I've filled it and when I follow the manual to try and turn the indicator off (by pushing the steam or power dry button 7 times) it only changes the cycle to include the power dry. The top button and especially the screen are impossible to see with the standard counter overhang. I'm rewashing dishes on the normal cycle that never had dried food on them such as a glass bowl of marinade. I'm beginning to wonder just how unsanitary this machine is for my family and it's very irritating. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:36:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		false
89940076	Purchased as part of a new kitchen remodel.  Lasted just long enough for the main water pump to come out of the warranty period.  $400 repair, 18 months after factor new.  Ridiculous. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:36:47	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
49063765	It's a brand new washer so whats not to love. However, its a whole new tub system and it takes time to learn how to fill it up and maximize the space as it's different from our last one. You have to figure out what things can go where. It's not always just dishes. Today there are plenty of odd shaped things that can go in there and where does it fit?If you overload it it doesn't clean as well. I like that there are choices for wash cycles when needed. It's quiet as others say and you can use less soap. Once I learn how to maximize the space for different sized things it will be easier. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:36:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size	true
49165958	I have had this unit for about 3 months now and it has been working great.  I usually run it once a day, had people over a couple times as ran it 4-5 times back to back without trouble.The main point I wan to make is that be careful with the size of the unit.  Its bigger than it looks, make sure you measure how much room you have before you order it.  I received it and quickly realized that my cupboard height is to low to put this on the empty counter space I have.  So I had to put it on a stand next to the count.All in all I think its already paid for itself in my mind. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:36:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	external size	true
56354122	After purchasing a Samsung microwave, refrigerator, washer and dryer we purchased the Samsung dishwasher.  Sorry to say it has turned out to be a disaster.  We noticed back rubberized particles stuck inside dishes and food particle debris floating on top of most surfaces level enough to hold water after the dishwasher completed.About a month ago two warning lights started to blink (we have had the Samsung dishwasher about 15 months and we had a GE dishwasher go for about 10 years without a problem).  We would reset the dishwasher (stat it over again and initially this somewhat fixed the problem). However, ever since then the dishwasher has lost functionality and different warning lights now appear with the latest problem being that you can#8217;t turn off the dishwasher.  So, to me, it#8217;s in major failure mode.The Samsung 1-800 number isn#8217;t much better.  You can tell they are reading from a script and no attempt is made to logically understand the problem and offer advice based on past service problems.  You call the Samsung recommended service company and they too can#8217;t keep appointments so its Samsung signing a contract with a local service company and not knowing if they are doing the job or not.I ordered the Samsung Service manual (I am an electrical engineer) and noted that it appears it#8217;s built with quality, but perhaps with poor parts.  It also, to me, has a lot of control circuitry to monitor dishwasher activities, but perhaps a better design would be build a dishwasher that doesn#8217;t need the amount of control circuitry, but rather a dishwasher that can just wash dishes with a clean mechanical design.Bottom line:  Do your research before you buy products that don#8217;t work #8211; lesson learned for me#8230; 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:36:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, unreliability complaints	true
59119080	We have had Whirlpool and Amana dishwashers. But, since we have had this GE dishwasher, I have noticedplates, glasses that now look shiny new, after owning these plates and glasses for at least 15 years. Amazing. I pulleda clear glass plate from the cupboard and was so surprised to see the plate look like it did when new. Completelyclean with no film, and glasses that are 25 years old, and look shiny. Amazing dishwasher. My wife reallylikes the shiny look of these old jelly glasses. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:36:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
73682427	I really wanted to love our months-old Bosch without reservation. It got great CR reviews and it's energy efficient and it's quiet, yes it is. But oh my, trying to load it is a daily challenge. I have read and re-read the section in the manual about optimal loading patterns and all I can say is perhaps if I were regularly throwing dinner parties for 8 or more I'd be happier with it. In my real life as a mom though, dishwash loads consist of a lot of different items with varied space needs and I find myself frustrated every day by how peculiar the design of the racks seem. You can move some of the tines down, and even shift some, and I've done that, but I continue to be stymied by the design's inability to adapt to my needs. Perhaps the worst aspect of the design is that about half of the tines are extremely close together - better suited to tupperware lids than actual plates, unless you have the really thin Corian ones maybe.I was in a friend's kitchen and found myself wistfully eyeing her 8-year-old Whirlpool, with its capaciously designed racks and clever silverware-in-the-door trick.I would not buy this dishwasher again, I'm afraid. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:36:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size	true
45238092	Of all the LG dishwashers I've looked at this one looks the closest to that discontinued model, so I decided to write my review here to warn others NOT to buy LG.Positives:*The most quite dishwasher I've ever owned, you had to be within just a couple of feet of it to know it was on.*Incredibly water efficient, used VERY little water.Negatives:*Took up to 3Hrs. to finish a cycle, what it saved in water .. wasted in electricity.*Food particles left on say a pot, would end up on ALL the dishes and everything would have to be washed ANOTHER 3Hrs!*If the Jet Dry ran out, the dishes wouldn't come out dry... Even after a 3Hr. Cycle.*Had to increase the Heating Element on my Hot water heater in order to use Tablet Based Dish Washing Detergents... otherwise there would be fine particles left over from the tablets all over all the dishes, requiring them to be washed again.*After 1year of operation the highest setting would only work intermittently, I would push the button for it and it wouldn't work, so I'd have to put it on a lower cycle most of the time.*Attempts to get LG to service the dishwasher went unanswered and even appointments that they would set up, never actually happened.*After 18 months the Medium cycle would stop after about a half hour with an error code, and dump the contents of the dishwasher.  Only then would it allow me to wash in the High Cycle ... but only if I set it to the High Cycle within about 15 min of the Med. Cycle dumping out.*Calls to LG to service the Dishwasher, AGAIN went unfulfilled, as appointments that they would setup would never actually happen.*3 years after purchasing this dishwasher, it stopped working... the motor that dumps water from it kept running and I had to pull the plug on it.  I called LG, only to be informed that my warranty had run out! (The Warranty actually says that the motor is Guaranteed for 5 Years, but I had enough and I'm now going to buy something made in the U.S.)LG makes REALLY good looking appliances that are all absolute JUNK!  I bought an LG Washer  Dryer and Refrigerator in July of 2008 and the dishwasher in Feb. of 2011, The Dryer had to be replaced in April of 2011, the Refrigerator in Novermber of 2011 and the dishwasher now has to be replaced in June of 2014!  I Bought all the units on sale, paying between $150 to $400.00 off full retail, but the Dryer was $700.00, the Refrigerator was $2400.00 and the Dishwasher was $650.00.  Not exactly the #34;El Cheapo#34; prices you would expect for junk that doesn't last.  They charge premium prices for very good looking appliances that apparently don't last the test of time! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:39:03	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51467223	Not anymore!  I will say that it is a quiet machine but that is where the advantage ends.  I purchased this (not from Amazon) in Dec 2009.  Almost immediately the flimsy racks started to fall off.  Quite literally the wheels fell off in the first few months of operation.  Eco-mode is useless.  The racks are awkwardly designed and the bottom rack would continously fall off the rails.We have soft water and so that was not an issue but 3 years into it, the unit started throwing error codes of E 24 even though there was NO kinked or blocked waste hose.  The first call into the spectacular customer service centre in California was telling.  The young man seemed to have had SEVERAL of these calls before so it was definitely a known issue.  The guy failed to send me the schematic or follow up.  So after 3 1/2 years and $899 we had to go buy another non-Bosch low end (Obama economy) dishwasher as support is virtually useless.  My husband also sliced open his thumb pulling it out to try and discern if it was a bad waste pump (which it probably is but wonder what else will go wrong).The Bosch name USED to mean quality but I'm finding out more and more that it means anything but.  As a side note my daughter's Bosch front loader washing machine failed after two years of light use.  (sigh!)STAY CLEAR OF BOSCH!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:39:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
40952751	I've had two of these dishwashers in less than 3 months and they're both stinkers. The company I bought the first one from replaced it with what was supposed to be a better model. They were the same: the latch broke on both of them after about 2 weeks of use. The company is not responsive; the store sent a repair person who said it needed a part that would take a week to arrive. I have an older Bosch that's wonderful. This one is THE WORST. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:39:03	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
90693025	I have had this for maybe a year now.  Have not had any issues with it.You it about every other day.  Does as nice job. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:39:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76302621	We purchased this dishwasher and a Samsung side by side refrigerator in October of 2011. After much deliberation on price and style, we chose Samsung.  The icemaker went out this spring in the refrigerator at a cost of $250 +.  The service man came to our house knowing the ice maker was not working and didn't even bring a replacement with him.  This required another service call.The dishwasher started to make a grinding noise.  When the serviceman arrived he found a piece of broken glass in the motor and we were told the motor had to be replaced.  I am no appliance expert, but don't glasses get broken in dishwashers?  Shouldn't the motor be protected from pieces of glass?Final blow, this week the dishwasher would run for 5 minutes and quit - the Heavy, Normal and Quick lights start to blink.  After spending a morning online trying to find a phone number for support it was determined that there is a problem with a water sensor.  Service is required.  The support person submitted a service order and in 24-48 hours someone will call me to set up a service time.  We have an appliance person that we use for most of our appliances but he can't work on Samsung because Samsung won't provide him with parts.There was a Bosch dishwasher in the house when we moved in.  It was the original and was about 15 years old when we replaced it.  We never had one problem with the old dishwasher.Lesson learned - will never purchase another Samsung appliance again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:39:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
64457533	We splurged on this dishwasher for our new house. We couldn't really afford it. Now, I have nothing but a VERY VERY expensive dish drying rack. You can put clean dishes in and they will come out dirty. IF you clean the dishwasher in between each wash, wash your dishes thoroughly before putting them in, run the hot water until it is scalding before starting the washer, clean the pipes surrounding the washer weekly, run your garbage disposal for several minutes before using it, load it to half it's capacity, make sure you always have rinse aid in and set in on the 3+ hr pots and pans setting with an extra rinse cycle your dishes might, if you are very lucky, come out only slightly dirty rather than with the typical results - covered in a thick white film and a layer of particles cemented on to each dish requiring a long soak and hard core scrubbing to remove. I HATE this dishwasher more than I have every thought it was possible to hate an appliance but we spent so much money on it that we can not afford a new one. We have tried everything to make it work properly. I even took it apart to clean it thoroughly. It has a filter at the bottom that you cannot remove or clean that collects filth that gets sprayed on your dishes every time you use it. It was almost passable for the first three months, because the filter hadn't collected enough filth yet I suppose, and so we didn't take it back in time unfortunately and I deeply regret this. I will never ever even consider another LG product and I warn everyone I know about them because of this dishwasher. Garbage. I used to have an old cheap Kenmore that got the job done just fine in my old place. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:44:10	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47985545	I bought this because I have a small kitchen and I didnt want to remove the standard size cabinets.  It is perfect for me quiet and accomodates a full set of dishes. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:44:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62999462	WORTH THE MONEY AND WORKS GREAT TOO,MAKES LESS NOISE THAN MY PREVIOUS DISHWASHER, IN FACT, I DON'T EVEN NOTICE THAT IT'S ON.  HAVE TO LOOK TO SEE IF THE LIGHTS ARE ON!ORDERED FROM AMAZON AND GOT FREE SUPER SHIPPING.  NOT ONLY THAT,GOT IT IN 5 BUSINESS DAYS.  INSTALLATION WAS EASY IF YOU FOLLOW THE INSTRUCTIONS.  SINCE I WAS REPLACING A BROKEN DISHWASHER, THE DRAIN HOSE AND HOT WATER FEED HOSE WAS ALREADY THERE.  YOU WILL STILL HAVE TO BUY A 3/4 TO 3/8 COMPRESSION FITTING REDUCER TO HOOK UP THE FEED LINE TO THE UNIT. IF IT'S A FIRST TIME INSTALLATION,  BUY DRAIN HOSE AND ELECTRICAL KIT, AND FEED LINE KIT.  BETTER TO HAVE THE RIGHT PARTS ON HAND, RATHER THAN RUNNING AROUND TOWN AFTER THE FACT!  WOULD DEFINITELY PURCHASE MAJOR APPLIANCES FROM AMAZON.COM AGAIN!Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher, ADB1400PYS, Stainless 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:44:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54823169	Bought this dishwasher to replace my old one  GE that was 27 years old and was still working. Not  30 days  yet for it and this is my second call for a technician.Three days after it was installed the dishwasher couldn't start. It took 6 days to get a Sears tech out the house to repair it, by the way....the tech found the door was also a bit tiltedNow, today January 15th., called to make an appointment  and am told  cannot get here until January 28th.This is unacceptable and am not too happy with this product and I will call Sears to up this unit.I miss old dishwasher !!!GP...Georgia 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:44:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
53552840	At first hook-up, it was leaking all over the counter, but as the instructions indicated, I threaded teflon tape around each set of threads ( intake  waste ) and we haven't had a leak yet.  Its used at least once each day to wash baby bottles.  It has saved my wife's hands from washing all the bottles in the sink.  Its also built very nicely with a stainless steel interior and powder coated exterior.  I'd recommend this to anyone who doesn't have the room for a dishwasher but could use the help.  It also had more room inside than I thought.  We can wash 6 bottles and at least 4 place settings comfortably. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:44:10	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
43112993	So we bought a house that unfortunately didn't have room in any of the counter space for a full sized dishwasher without a complete remodel. We settled for a 18 since we don't make that many dirty dishes anyway. The unit is sexy, in my opinion. We didn't have $1,000 for an upscale Bosch or Miele compact unit so I was pleased that this one had a number of higher-end features like a stainless tub and wash settings for delicate glassware. The stainless finish is attractive and easy to keep up with nothing but a damp microfiber cloth.I installed from scratch, with the help of my father in law who is an electrician. Installation was pretty straightforward. Be careful when you're installing the elbow on the hot water inlet, though. I tightened it a little too much and it pushed against the solenoid, jamming it, which wouldn't allow water in the first time we ran it. I backed it off a bit and it's working fine now.Specs say this model holds 8 complete place settings, where full sized units take 10-12, I think. I'm not sure about how accurate that claim is, on average, but it does hold quite a bit - enough for our needs. The manual gives diagrams suggesting how to make the most of the space, thankfully. It can still take a bit of getting used to, though. I quickly found that our large dinner plates (square, 10.25) are about 1/4 too tall to fit in the lower bin without hitting the sprayer. I think they had to set the top rack a little lower than average to allow for the weird double-stacking cup shelf feature up there. Make sure your plates are under 10 in diameter, especially if they're not round, which allows them to drop between the slats in the rack for extra clearance. The silverware trays have removable tops with slots in them to keep your spoons from spooning, etc which ensures that they get clean. You can pop them off to allow loading of larger items, too.It's pretty quiet when it's running. Not high-end Elite-grade quiet but quiet. I was worried about the fact that there were no noise ratings available anywhere, even from Danby themselves, but it's ended up being a non-issue. Our kitchen, dining room and living room are all one big open contiguous space and we can run a load of dishes without having to turn up the T.V. at the other end of the room. Much quieter than the new entry level Kenmore we had at our previous apartment.Wash loads use a tiny amount of detergent, around a tablespoon. Our large box of Cascade will probably last us a year or more. I've found that using a rinse aid like Jet Dry is necessary for dishes to dry completely. I'm not sure if that's just because we had to run a drain line extension but the manual implies that that is the case in any situation. Jet Dry is like $4 and I've got the dispenser set on the lowest of 4 settings so I'm sure it'll last quite a while between refills. There's a salt tray for if you have hard water but we'll not be needing that.I've put a couple of loads through it so far and they've all come out spotless, even on the economy cycle. The cycles take a long time, or at least it seems like they do - I guess I never timed my previous dishwashers. Most of the cycles take about 2:45, though. The buttons only have icons on them and I find I need to keep the manual handy to remember which cycles are which but I've only had it a few days.All in all I'm about as pleased as I can be, sans the issues with the large items fitting, which cost it that 5th star. As long as it holds up well, I give it a hearty recommendation.**Update 3/2014**At just over 2 years of excellent service I need to get ours fixed. It's still draining and filling but it's not doing anything when it should be running the actual wash cycle. Pretty disappointing.Finding a servicer for this unit has been next to impossible. I live in Seattle and yet there aren't any authorized repair centers in my area. There are a couple north and south but they're too far away to service the greater Seattle area. Kind of unbelievable. Sears' website (and Danby's lackluster customer service) says they work on Danby but when I call them they say they can't. I've called a number of the top rated appliance repair people on Yelp and they all tell me that they won't touch it and I should have bought a better brand. A couple say they'll take a stab at repairing it for $200-300 (main pump and/or control board + labor) but that they're not sure that it's worth the money and it'll take weeks to get the parts. We don't have $600 for a Whirlpool or Frigidaire right now so I guess we'll gamble on the repair and hope it lasts. If you're going to buy one of these, either make sure you have a repair center in your area or figure that once you pay for a potential repair you could have bought a more reputable brand name.If I wasn't so happy with how well this worked when it was working I'd probably give it 2 or even 1 stars for all the hassle. I'm going to leave it at 3 for now and update after the repair. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:45:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
47836853	This dishwasher was installed about a year and a half ago and now all the water remains in the dishwasher. (From the beginning there was often a terrible smell after the cycle finished) I called customer service and it apparently needs a new pump which would be covered under a 2 year warranty except that you have to pay for the factory repair service to be covered by the warranty. Their service is $99 for the first 18 minutes and then $120 an hour after that. We clean the dishes well before loading the dishwasher and we travel a lot so it does not have heavy use. It does have some good features (quiet, cleans well) but we are probably going to have to spend about $200 to get the pump changed which doesn't seem right since we paid over $800 for it.  Will never buy another Bosch again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:45:32	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78107905	For anyone who has lived with a regular sized dishwasher for a long time, the Haier HPT18PA may seem inadequate. It snuggly fits dinner plates but it doesn't fit any of my pots and pans. Compared to the latest full size models, it's loud and featureless. BUT, if you're like me (and I would imagine that if you've stumbled onto this review that you might be) someone who's had to hand wash cups and plates for years, it's a Godsend. With a little care, it does its job perfectly every time and for me, the time it saves, the relief it brings for not having to do the dishes, this little helper brings me a lot of joy. Having used it for a few months (pretty much every day) I haven't experience any of the problems listed in past reviews. The quick release/hook-up to the sink is helpful and the wash cycles seem efficent enough to never leave stains or spots. A few tips: 1) Like any dishwasher, rinse off or anything bigger than a rice grain before running the washer. Although it has a decent grid to catch all food particles, I hear that a lot of leaks and problems start with clogged drains. 2) The Vent Dry cycle is useless so simply open door and pull the dish tray out half way to air dry after washer stops. 3) Completely turn off the hot water faucet before disconnecting the quick release valve. This is pretty obvious but it took me a while of splashing hot water to remember this. So, in conclusion, all of you hand washers out there, this is a solid machine that I highly recommened. I did a lot of research on other compact dishwashers out there but sadly there aren't many on the market. And since I haven't tried those others myself, I can't say this performs better over the other but I can certainly vouch for its consistent performance. And what more can you ask for in this size and price range? Excuse my crude analogy but it's like someone who's been walking all their life getting to drive a brand new reliable compact car. It's no Mercedes convertible but it sure gets you from point A to B... B being that see your face in the reflection shine on your wine glasses that only dishwashers can give you. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:45:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47720328	Had the same issue with the control panel as everybody else and wish I'd found these reviews sooner. Of course it didn't short out until just after the warranty expired. Pretty displeased in general. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:45:32	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
86193777	I bought this a long time ago when I lived in my studio apartment, and I ended up selling it within a few months. It barely holds any dishes, but it takes up a huge amount of space. It would blow my circuit breaker when I tried to use it and would clog up extremely easily. The draining system is very poor, and the alarm constantly goes off for seemingly no reason. Save your money. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:45:32	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
28888123	Purchased in summer 2010.  I have replaced the heating element twice--essentially every twelve months.  Now having pump problems--will not fully drain--requires extensive parts and labor to repair--simply not worth the time and money.  Will carefully consider a replacement--not going to waste any more time or money on this appliance.  I stongly recommend that any other LG appliance be avoided--I won't buy another LG product. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:47:18	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84307410	This machine rocks.  Has all the bells and whistles of the big installed dishwashers.  Washes great.  Hooked up perfectly first time.  Cord is extra long.  Interior space holds a lot of dishes if you know how to strategically place things.  Just be sure to check the space between countertops and upper cabinets or plan to store on a rolling cart.  I ordered without measuring and the machine almost didn't fit.  It has several cycles and tells you how much water is used for each one.  I like the fast cycle which always gets the job done.  Super job for the price and just what I needed in my apartment to hide the dirty dishes. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
10841530	My wife and I both agree that this is the best dishwasher we've ever owned. Both of us have previously used and owned standard full sized built-in washers that do not clean as well as this portable unit. Ours came with all parts and without any damage, so we can't speak to the customer service. But as other reviews have stated it's quiet, super efficient with the detergent, and cleans very well. If you have larger than standard dinner plates you may have trouble fitting bowls in the adjacent row. Other than that the drawers are very well configured. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82223147	Not sure why all the negative reviews for this dishwasher.  If it isn't working well make sure it isn't overloaded, make sure you don't have everything jammed in too tight, make sure there is nothing clogging one of the jets (mine ran some packing tape through that didn't get removed), and make sure you don't have anything too tall blocking the spinning washer from turning.I sometimes have to run 1 or 2 dishes through again, but it had no trouble washing off dried hot-dish gunk off bowls and dishes.  Drying is typical dishwasher, bottom rack does really well, top rack so-so, any place water collects will still be wet.  I take these out and put them in the drying rack by my sink to let them finish.  Again, same as my last dishwasher.What I like about this dishwasher is the stainless steel interior, my last dishwasher melted through the plastic tub and leaked all over the floor.  This dishwasher has a leak detection tray underneath the unit so as long as it isn't leaking from the water feed or drain lines it should be able to detect a leak.I have used about every day for the past month and it works just fine.  It had the VOC smell for the first week or so during the dry cycle.The dishwasher is extremely quiet.  Can only hear it when the drain pump runs if I am in the other room, and that isn't very loud for very long.Why do I give it 4 stars instead of 5?  It can't start mid cycle (like you can't run a second rinse cycle if you want to) and I haven't had it long enough to see if any problems develop over time.  Also, the buttons are easy to press on accident on the front, although this is a non issue for my install.I had to think about buying this unit for quite a while due to the negative reviews, and bought from a local mom and pop shop where I could ask them directly about complaints.  They were honest and said they only had one complaint about it not washing but when they brought it in and tested at the store it worked fine.  My guess is at least some of the complaints are based on improper use, installation, or something else.  I will update after a year. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
21504393	I just got this dishwasher--brand new and it is terrible. Dishes come out as dirty as they went in or with new dirty spots or stains. I prewash my dishes anyway but might as well skip the dishwasher process; I could do a better job by hand but then what's the point of having a dishwasher. I have to handwash almost all of the silverware after they are run through a cycle and it is incredibly loud. I have literally tried every setting and even have tried washing dishes through multiple cycles  with no improvement in performance. Water goblets don't fit on the top rack and pots and pans don't fit on the top rack either. I can't imagine a worse product. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:47:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
22561201	I bought this unit after a glowing recommendation from a salesperson at Home Depot.  She said that she owned a unit and loved it.  The finish and price seemed to suggest quality to me, so it seemed like a no-brainer and between that and Black Friday discounts, I ordered one. Did I do research?  Noooo.....  Well, buyer beware.At first the unit seemed fine, it looked (and still does) great, and was *extremely* quiet, so I was happy.  But after no more than 10 cycles, it started making a very loud, high-pitched, continuous, otherworldly noise.  Like something from a Sci-Fi movie.  Think of the phasers on the original Star Trek from the 60s ... it sounded something like that.  Better yet, go to youtube and search on the model number.  You'll find several videos demonstrating the exact same noise.I called LG for service and I spoke to a very helpful, very polite service rep.  He didn't hesitate in issuing me a service ticket with a local independent repair company.  They got an email authorizing the service visit, and I called them and set the appointment for less than a week later.When the tech arrived and I described the symptom, he seemed to know of the problem, had addressed it before.  He'd evidently replaced a lot of motors on this unit.  But what he went for first, once he got the thing open, was the chopper blade.  It's a roughly 2.5 blade in the bottom of the unit under a cover.  The blade lies flat, parallel to the floor, and is sharpened on the leading edge, the better to chop up food particles before they go out with the wastewater.  According to him, they told us (I don't know if that means LG or his company or someone else) to first try removing the blade, turning it over, then reinstalling it to see if that cured the noise. In my case, this made 95% of the noise go away, so I am mostly satisfied with noise levels at that point.  However, with the blade turned over, the sharpened cutting edge is facing the wrong way, and the blade now depends solely on its speed of rotation (I think the tech said 3000rpm) to chop up the food.  In other words, to fix the problem, the functionality of the unit has to some extent been negatively affected.I mentioned to the tech that it seemed to clean my dishes just fine.  This seemed to make him slightly happier, as if not cleaning was a chronic complaint that he'd encountered and was happy not to have to deal with with my unit.  That was just my impression, he didn't say that.  He *did* say don't use it as a garbage disposal.  I don't know if most people are in the habit of doing so, but he clearly approved of me rinsing dishes before putting them on the racks.In summary, it's my impression that the unit has a design defect that is well-known but hasn't been fixed.  I'm not a dishwasher engineer, but I'd think that some simple modification to the chopper blade would rectify the problem and could be made available as a field-replaceable part.So as they say on failblog, learn from my fail and do your homework! 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:47:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		true
62329443	I wasn't sure what to expect but I am very pleased with this unit. Not a fan of doing dishes by hand but don't have that many over the course of the week. This is perfect for my needs. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:47:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
48173921	Worked fine for the first two months, but soon after the machine would shut down just a few minutes into a wash cycle.  Two bllinking lights on the control panel indicated a power failure.  I called Frigidaire customer service and they said I needed to go to my circuit breaker and shut off the power to the dishwasher, then turn back on so as to reset the machine.  This #34;solution#34; would work for maybe one cleaning but it would shut down on its own again the next time I used it.  My online research indicates that this is a frequent problem with Frigidaire dishwashers.  I'm currently working with Frigidaire customer service to have it repaired.  Based on my experience so far, I would definitely not recommend this brand or model. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:47:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	circuit breaker defect, unreliability complaint	true
60393988	This is the worst dishwasher I've ever had.I just had a new Kenmore put in yesterday,and the guy  who put the new one in told me to never buy a Frigidare Dishwasher,he's had nothing but problems with this product.It was only 6 years old,and there was burn marks on my  cabinet when he took it out,and water dameage on the tile. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:47:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	property damage complaints	true
61031097	Yes, I've had this machine for 6 YEARS with no issues.  It is only now that I need to replace the heating element, that's it.  I could not be happier with this dishwasher. We use it every day for a family of 4.  It does a really good job and you DON'T HAVE TO rinse the dishes off before you load them unless you want to.  The longest cycle does take 90 minutes to complete but that's okay by me since I don't have to wash anything by hand.  We've had very good luck with this machine. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:47:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	heating element defect	true
53940406	I repair equipment for my job (admittedly not dishwashers but most repair people will tell you the basics in diagnosis are the same). We developed a leak after about a year when a bezel (looks like a round vent cover) broke one of 2 in each drawer the very hard brittle plastic bezel is the only thing that holds the seal in place also the fan housing breaks that it attaches to I took a bezel from the bottom drawer luckily there are 2 but then that one broke the next day I finally gave up and had a professional guy come out and he broke another bezel then proceeded to tell me it would be 350.00 to fix it the way it came from the factory which means it will leak again. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:48:45	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
81768403	I moved into an apartment that had no dishwasher installed, so I was looking for something small enough to fit in my kitchen but big enough to do the job. This dishwasher has not let me down yet. It fits perfectly under my cabinets. The space inside the washer holds enough items that I only have to wash items every couple days. If I have company over then it is used about 1-2 times a day. I noticed as well that it does not use much water and still gets my dishes clean. It has a space for detergent and I use 1/2 tablets instead of a full tablet. There is also a spot to put in the liquid rinse aid. The stainless steel is also very nice and it makes the dishwasher look and feel like a very professionally built machine. Once you read the directions, the front panel is very easy to remember. I give this item 5 stars. Also, FYI this does come with all the attachments so you dont have to buy it separately, but you need to make sure your faucet is made to accept the attachment with a male or female threaded end ( almost all kitchen faucets to my knowledge have the threading) The attachment included with the washer can fit on both the male or female thread. The directions are easy to follow. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:48:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42674327	Update: I had this machine for three months before it started giving me problems. One day it would not start at all. I read the trouble-shooting and some other customer tips on-line. Apparently, there was a problem with our water level sensor; it would not reset itself after each load. I figured out a handy little trick: you have to shake and tilt the machine back on it's hind legs. Doing this resets that sensor and the machine will start.In the meanwhile, I contacted customer service. They were a huge hassle to deal with. They said they'd have repairs call me. Everytime they called I was at work even though I gave them a specific time frame. They never left a message or a return number. The number on my caller Id didn't accept incoming calls.After several months of phone tag, shaking and tilting of the machine finally quit working. My boyfriend had to remove the back panel to locate the sensor. We tried ordering the part ourselves but Haier was out of the $11.99 sensor and wasn't going to have anymore available for purchase. My boyfriend, who is Korean, came up with a clever idea. He used one of his chopsticks to reset the sensor before each use.After a few more service calls I finally connected with a sympathetic representative, he really understood my frustration. He ordered a replacement machine for me. All I had to do was pay $14.99 and mail in the serial number and 6 of the electric cord.A few week later my new unit arrived. I've had that unit for a little over a year now and it has been running beautifully. I hardly use it for the simple fact its a hassle to load, especially since the only place it fits is on top of my refridgerator. Right now, I'm looking to buy an 18 portable dishwasher on wheels.Please beware of this machine and Haier's customer service. I'll never buy another Haier product. When I purchase a new machine I'll most likely toss this one; I wouldn't want to curse my friends with this machine. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:48:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86834810	I purchased both the dishwasher, and the refrigerator, no issues with the latter, however, the dishwasher is the worst I have ever had. We had a crappy Sears brand before upgrading our entire kitchen, and that was even a superior product to this...why? because at least my dishes were CLEAN!!As someone else mentioned, the glasses get a film of crud on them, which is always a mystery, since I have now learned to rinse everything before putting in there. Many times I have done a wash of just plastic summer plates and glasses (how hard could those be to clean????) and just for giggles, run it on the sanitary setting, which means almost an extra hour of cleaning, and 9 out of 10 times the glasses STILL come out with some mystery grit on them, as well as a nice film on the back of plastic plates...How can this be???On top of everything else, we have had service three times because it will just power off for no reason....huge mistake purchasing this dishwasher. I'm glad it wasn't overly expensive, because a new one will be bought shortly!!! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:48:45	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49345341	I have had this machine for a week now.installation was a little more tedious than my last GE and Frigidaire.the dishwasher is much better built and designed though,it is very very quiet.  not as whisper quiet as some have said it is, but it is really good.the only complaint i have so far is that it is a little smaller than most on interior space.  the racks are tight,  but i will learn a new way to load the dishes than i had used in the past.  Not a biggie.the exterior dimensions are a little smaller than most in width as well.either way i look at it .  it is a good buy and cleans very well!!. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:48:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82375249	Guess I'm the first here to review the Samsung DMT400RHS.  Some background first.  We purchased our house new about 10 years ago.  The original appliances (dishwasher and stove) were low end Kenmore.  REALLY low end Kenmore.  Although both the electric range and dishwasher were still functional we decided it would be nice to upgrade with new equipment.  I began searching for a new dishwasher about a year ago.  Almost pulled the trigger on a high end LG but was reluctant as it was expensive (on sale at $799) and the reviews were all over the place.  They ranged from it being the greatest dishwasher ever to being junk.  I passed and kept looking.  Well, President's Day sales came along and there were some good deals out there especially at the big box stores.  (NOTE: I did not purchase the Samsung from Amazon.  I love Amazon but the price at the box store was just too good to pass up.)  I kept searching the net and reading reviews, lots of reviews.  Talked to my wife and she said, ok, but just don't buy the most expensive one as we think we'll be moving in another 4 yrs.  Just get a good middle of the road model.  I narrowed my search down to two brands, Bosch and Samsung.  Both had good products with low noise levels (51db for the Samsung), stainless steel interiors, food disposer, energy efficient, leakage detection, and low water consumption (4.7 gal/load I believe).  Both brands were good looking and seemed to be solidly built and both had units that were stainless steel exteriors.  One other feature that I thought I wanted was a delayed start.  How many times have I started the old noisy dishwasher right before going to bed and had to listen to the whoooossssh and clank as it ran through its motions right next to our bedroom.  Arrrrrrrrrrrrrggggggggh!  After reading a bunch of reviews  I decided on the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It was a notch down from the top of the line which meant it was a bit easier on the wallet but it didn't have the time delay feature.  Hey, it's supposed to be quiet.  At least all the reviews I read said so.  Well, that home improvement store that sponsors Jimmy Johnson had it in stock but another big box had it too and was considerably cheaper.  Called Big Box #1 and asked if they priced matched and they said yes.  Off to the store with printed documentation of the cheaper price at Big Box #2 (S**rs).  They said that they only priced matched if it was in stock and it was and they gave me that price and an additional 10% off.  I also purchased a Samsung Electric Range FTQ353IWUX (review later when we've had some time with the range)with the same documentation.  THEN, they had a deal where if you purchased a tax gift card they would credit you back 10% of the amount on the gift card on 18 Mar 11.  Got the total price for the two plus installation on the dishwasher and bought a gift card for that amount and used it for the purchase.  On Mar 18 I'll get a credit and probably go buy a new weedeater.  Ok, back to the dishwasher.  I wasn't home for the install but my wife noticed the difference between the old and the new immediately.  The old Kenmore was cheap.  There's just no other way to describe it.  When the plumber was pulling the old one out she noted that it was just a shell with some hoses and weighed practically nothing.  The Samsung was a different story.  First, it was heavy, second it was enclosed.  Score 1 for the Samsung.  The unit comes with some side plates and a kick plate and when installed looks great.  Score 2 for the Samsung.  This thing is solid.  You open the door and it doesn't fall down like the old one, you have to lower it down.  It closes with a solid feeling something like closing the door of a good car.  No latches to slide you just close it.  The controls (hidden) are on the top edge of the door and I thought that might be a problem as there isn't any room to get to them with the door closed.  Not a problem, before closing the door you set the controls.  Power button (all are touch sensitive) press and wait for the chimes and the other buttons to light up.  Select the wash setting (I've be using automatic but you have the option of normal, heavy or delicate), and then select sanitize (heats up the rinse water to 162F) if you wish.  Close the door and the three blue progress lights on the front of the door light up and then just the first stays illuminated indication washing.  Light #2 indicates dry and light # 3 indicates clean.  So, how does it clean?  AWESOME!  Glasses, dishes and dinnerware come out great.  This dishwasher is so cooooooooool, I just want to find stuff to put in it so I can run the darn thing.A couple of things to note.  First, there is a bit of learning curve to loading this thing.  The racks are laid out a bit differently than our old washer so I have to think about how I'm putting stuff in.  No real problem as there is a lot of room.  The upper rack is a bit different as it is tiered, has four rows and each is a bit different in height.  Short glasses on the left and progressively taller ones to the right.  The top rack also has some plastic holders for stemware.  Nice touch there.  Hmmm, is it Score 3 for Samsung?  The dinnerware holders are a bit different too.  They have lids with cutouts so you place your knives and forks in them or not.  You can flip the top up for stuff that won't fit the holes.  Another thing that takes some getting accustomed to is the wash times.  I think all these new dishwashers take a long time to go through their cycles.  I believe that it's due to their low water consumption.  Whatever, don't expect to put your dishes in and turn it on and be ready in an hour.  Think the was times are closer to 2 or 2.5 hrs.  Doesn't really matter as we usually run it before bed time.  Something that will also take some getting used to is the rinse aid bin.  Now we've always used the 3-in-1 dishwashing tabs (yes, they fit in the detergent bin) that include the rinse aid but the Samsung has a separate bin to put liquid rinse aid in.  I've used the same tabs and they seem to work fine but the indicators on the top lid show a low rinse aid if the bin is empty.  Hmmmm, don't want to burn out the light but do I really need to add a liquid rinse aid if I'm using the 3-in-1 tabs??????  Lastly, my concern about not getting the delay start......no problem.  This thing is quiet, I mean really quiet.  There is no whoooooooooossssssssh or clank or bonk.  Used to be you couldn't have a normal conversation in the kitchen with the old dishwasher now you could put a sleeping baby in crib next to the Samsung and not wake'em up.  Sweet.As you can tell, I heartily recommend the Samsung DMT400RHS.  It looks great (buy some stainless steel wipes to keep it that way), it's super quiet, it cleans great, good feature set,  and it was at the right price.  There are two more Samsung dishwashers, one above this one (DMT 800) and one below (DMT 300) that you might consider depending on features and price.  Additionally, the DMT400 comes in black or white and both are a bit cheaper than the stainless steel.  You won't go wrong with this one.  Cheers04/03/11Update.  Everything is working great.  The Samsung is still quiet and we are learning a bit more about loading.  One thing I have learned is not to load large plates on the bottom rack below the detergent dispenser.  We have a set of plates that are square and quiet large.  Made the mistake of loading them on the lower left side front right below the detergent dispenser.  After the wash was finished I opened the door and the dispenser flap popped open and out came a slightly used washing tab.  The large plate had interfered with the dispenser opening properly. Oh well, adjusted the load so that smaller plates were left front and ran the wash again.  Problem solved.  Other than that, everything is fine.  The Samsung still is very quiet, especially when running a full load.  A bit more noise when half full or loaded with some large glass bowls.  Funny, but when I first started looking for a new dishwasher I thought that Bosch was great.  You know how when you go back to the Amazon page they list all kinds of stuff in the same category that you have been looking at and they listed a couple of Bosch dishwashers.  Well, just checked them out and was surprised when I checked some reviews of similarly priced models to the Samsung and there were complaints regarding build quality ie the stainless steel interior being flimsy.  No complaints here.  The Samsung has a great build both inside and out.  I haven't tried any of the wash cycles other than auto and sanitize so I can't comment on that.  Might have to check them out.  Anyway, I'm loving the Samsung.  I'll turn it on at night and head to bed and TELL my wife that the dishwasher is on :).One of the things I love about Amazon are the reviews so I try and add to them hoping that it will help someone else make a good decision.  If anyone has any questions/comments, send 'em and I'll answer.  Kind of surprised that nobody else has reviewed this model.  Kinda lonely being the one. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	functionality complaint (indicator light forcefully on when using specific cleaning agent)	true
44144721	This dishwasher works great but it has character.  You just need to know how to deal with it.First, make sure nothing can fall down through the rack, because it'll block the rotating sprayer and the dishes won't get washed as well.  If you have any lightweight items, make sure to anchor them down with heavier items, because they will almost always fly up and get knocked over and fill up with crud.Another quirk is that it will finish washing and beep, but then sit there for a while afterward with water still sitting in the bottom.  After another while, it'll empty out and beep again (I think).  I don't understand why it pauses for so long before draining out, but it does.  If you're unsure whether it's done or not, just open it and see if there's a bunch of water in the bottom or not.  You'll get the hang of it.The wash cycle is also a bit long.  I'll have to try out the rapid cycle to see whether it gets the job done well enough.I haven't noticed issues with spotting.  I guess it probably depends on your water.And for reference, it is EXACTLY 17 inches tall.  EXACTLY.  I had seen various figures like 18.5 and 17.3 inches and didn't think it would fit under our cabinets -- but it does!  We're going to put it on a cart though, because it takes up a lot of counter space. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design and functionality complaint	true
40326657	We got this dishwasher as a gift last December. It does a decent job of cleaning and drying the dishes but I was cleaning the panel a few weeks ago and noticed that the front panel was covered with little rust stains. This is totally unacceptable or a mid-range stainless steel appliance. Whirlpool should at the very least replace the defective panel but because they deemed it a #34;cosmetic#34; issue they have washed their hands of it. I will NEVER buy another whirlpool appliance if I can help it. SHAME on you Whirlpool for using inferior stainless steel on a product that is around moisture it's entire life. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	rust complaint	true
18710585	I did a lot of research before buying this dishwasher.  I didn't want to spend a ton of money, but wanted something that worked better than a builder's grade dishwasher.  I think this is a great dishwasher for the money.  It's VERY quiet.  It also cleans fairly well...I now can put most of my dishes in without rinsing and they come out clean.  I still have to test if it will clean dried oatmeal...if it does that then it is well worth the $400 I spent.  All in all a really good dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:53:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
39046805	When I saw this dishwasher in the store I thought I had found the pot at the end of the rainbow. It was SS inside, electronic, nylon coated racks, EnergyStar and a door that did what it was told (unlike the Bosch that autoclosed so hard it broke stemware in the top rack).My initial problem was that the installer did not level it properly and the door would rub when closed, a sign of an inherently weak box structure. Once that was fixed we noticed that it did not clean very well. After three more service calls, adjusting the cycles, amount of detergent, water temperature, loading patterns, etc. the tech. called the factory support and took it thru a built-in diagnostic routine and stated that all was working properly.I called Samsung service for about the seventh time and eventually they offered to do a like-for-like exchange. I considered that but then remembered that the tech. had declared that the old one was working properly...what would a like-for-like exchange gain me other than more dirty dishes and wasted time? I persisted and eventually got a refund from the store.I immediately went out and bought a Asko (a brand that has performed very well for us in another home) online that was a new item but a couple of years old. The price was about the same, but the Asko actually...if you can believe it...got the dishes clean (and it took about and hour less than the Samsung and used less energy!).Several weeks later I went to the store where I returned the Samsung and saw my Samsung dishwasher (white) and another (stainless) for sale, cheap! Samsung has managed to make a dishwasher series that looks good but failed to perform the primary objective...clean dishes.Too bad they don't give the Zero stars as an option. 	dlaw	10-25-2015 23:53:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	door/structure defect	true
81222406	I have a small apartment with no dishwasher. I have been making do for years but finally broke down and got this portable dishwasher. So glad I did. While I didn't mind all that much doing dishes, it was hard for me to get them squeaky clean by hand. Not anymore. I still do my cookware by hand but now I just rinse the dishes and silverware and stick them in the dishwasher. I only need to run it about once a week and the dishes come out sparkling. It was easy to set up, is quiet, and doesn't use a lot of water. Should have gotten one a long time ago. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:53:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73149667	I am surprised at the low reviews this dishwasher got. I got it because it was a low priced, highly-rated dishwasher recommended in Consumer Reports. Compared to my previous dishwasher, it is quiet and cleans upper and bottom rack beautifully. As the manufacturer points out, it does require the use of a rinse aid to keep the glassware and silverware from spotting.The reason I gave it four stars instead of five is that the silverware tray is in the door and is not big enough. I knew this from reading reviews and made sure my old silverware rack from my previous dishwasher would fit on the bottom rack when I needed it. For my husband and me this works great, though it does limit the capacity of the bottom rack; but back when I had 3 kids at home, I would have prefered a different model.Aside from the silverware issue, I hope I continue to have a good experience with this model, and would recommend it to others. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:53:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49740151	We bought this dishwasher about 1 year ago and in just 9 months time it broke down 4 times.  We had to replace it twice and repair once.  This model is a LEMON and Samsung will not admit it nor will they work with you at all.  They are strictly by the book and the book is titled, How to Screw Your Customers and Lose Business in 4 Easy Steps.All the problems described so far by others have plagued us one time or another: 1).  Error messages on display for no reason; 2).  Unit would not drain; 3). Circuit breaker reset every other day  the final straw....4). The motor actually started smoking!After fearing this unit would burn our house down, I unplugged it, called Samsung and asked for a refund and they conveniently said they had NO RECORD of my prior 3 repair calls!  They suggested that I show proof of the exchanges and repairs, then they would consider my options at that time.  Needless to say, the customer service rep I spoke to  must not have enjoyed the rest of her day after I politely but firmly told her what I thought of Samsung's business practices.If you make the mistake of buying this dishwasher or any Samsung product, I would seriously suggest you begin looking into the Lemon Laws of your State or Province immediately!Run away...run far far away from this product! 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:53:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38834178	I am an educated,retired, somewhat successful grandfather type. We bought this Samsung dishwasher from Loews at a good price,  they installed with a smile and within minutes...I walked into dishwasher hell.  The rack totally does not hold anything. Nothing upright or in any position.  Silverware?  Total joke; all dirty, all the time. Multiple calls to Samsung. Really nice people. Really nice. Like calling Moonies.  No help, no rack, no interest.  This dishwasher is affecting my life.  It is my oil spill. My healthcare.  No one deserves this. I take the dishes down to the creek.  I hate my dishwasher.  Gary 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:53:47	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
82407805	The whole idea of a dishwasher to me, is a machine that does a chore that I am too tired to do!  This is what this machine does; no more, no less.  Some reviews complained about the noise.  Again, if I am too tired to stand and hand wash my dirty dishes, then noise is the least of my problems!  Finally, I spent less than $300 getting a machine that does the same job as good as any other dishwasher that costs a lot more! THIS IS A GOOD MACHINE AND A GOOD BUY! THANK YOU AMAZON. 	jacqu95	10-25-2015 23:53:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48649622	LG's LDS5811WW. . . Worst dishwasher ever.  The drying mechanism doesn't work very well and it broke after 18 months of use.  The motor burned out!  At $700 I thought this unit was high end... turned out to be high junk. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:55:36	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83460469	I bought the new Bosch Ascenta because it was highly rated by Consumer Reports for performance and reliability, but the lay out of the machine makes me wish I'd bought another model. The control panel is needlessly complicated compared to my old model. One needs to reselect the setting each load. And the rack layout is very frustrating. If I have a casserole dish to wash, it can only go in a place that blocks off the racks for the plates. Also, should you have to open the door while it is cycling, you will get a face full of water from the upper jet. Worse yet, the soap dispenser is so difficult to lock that half the time I get frustrated and just throw the soap in the machine! And the springless door mechanism is not very consumer friendly. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:55:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
2595090	I purchased this unit from Lowes in November 2012. I have installed DW's a few times and the installation on this was a nightmare. The Drain, Electrical and Water lines are all in different areas than a standard hook-up and I had to extend A/C line and re-run new fill lines under counters besides having to customize cabinet where DW fits in, this machine is deeper and a bit taller than standard enclosures so bear that in mind if you're going to try to tackle installing this POS yourself.I have had this thing for 6 months. ( It does look sexy for a dishwasher, yes) and matches my Samsung fridge however, it does a horrible job on cups, glasses, dishes and silverware (did I mention pots and pans?) yes those too. A lot of times the Cascade would be half left in the soap dispenser and hard as a rock after wash cycle. (I suppose I should have tried to dry out some Beef Jerky in the soap tray while I was at it)This weekend I found out it is stopping mid-cycle and dispaying an error code re: drain error. I spent several hours checking water flow from DW drain pump to sink at it was draining OK. Yesterday I read several of the customer reviews here and elsewhere and realized I was an idiot for not researching the reliability on this brand before plunking down my hard earned cash.I went to Lowes where I bought the DMT400 armed with ihe info I read here and my own experience and asked the Appliance Mgr if I can exchange it for a machine actually washes dishes. He agreed with out any hassle as if he has been to this rodeo before.  I have a Samsung Refrigerator that is a couple years old and has been working great but the dishwashers are, well, to use an old cliche' you can't polish a turd. (This machine couldn't clean one either) 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:55:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
26015520	Washer is Great, we love how quiet it is,  But there was some shipping damage.  The Stainless steel door has 2 dents in it and the sound proofing on the side of the machine was broken off. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:55:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
66175593	Doesn't clean dishes very well and after replacing a $500 motherboard 2 months into our using it it is now broken again and will cost another couple of hundred to fix a problem that came that way from the manufacturer that they will not cover because we are not the original owners.  Terrible dishwasher.  Quiet though - maybe because it is not cleaning dishes. 	agilay	10-25-2015 23:55:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30302908	I strongly reccommend this dishwasher.  I have a very small kitchen, and it takes up a fair amount of space, but the excellent job that it does on dishes makes it worthwhile.  (Of all household chores, I hate washing dishes the most!)  I washed some Pyrex dishes that had baked on stains, and this unit did a better job of cleaing them than I did by hand.  Also, it is very quiet.  I needed to get a male friend to come in and get it on the counter, as it was too heavy for me to pick it up--be prepared for that.  Otherwise, the installation was very easy--I did have to use pliers to tighten the connector  to the faucet, but other than that, everything could be tightened by hand.  I thought it was an excellent value for the price. 	meg13	10-25-2015 23:59:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45728295	The dishwasher lasted just over the 12 month warranty before stopping completely. When we had a repairman come out to look at it (and our Whirlpool fridge and our Whirlpool stove/oven), he told us it would be a three week wait for the new control panel (it's always the electronics in these things), and $250 for the part/labor. I am not dumping any more money into a Whirlpool product. 	meg13	10-25-2015 23:59:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
26443732	i loved it!!!  that machine made a big difference in my life, no more dishes on the sink. my husband and I  are very happy 	meg13	10-25-2015 23:59:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86829190	This is an awesome Dishwasher.  I use a rinse agent and finish pod.  The dishes come out spotless and dry.  Adjustable racks are great.  Beautiful design. Easy to clean outside, but have to keep up as you can see all water marks, but no biggie for me. The outside is not real stainless..just the look of, but looks real. One thing it does that is differentis it plays a little tune when it's done....Oh...technology! Plus, LG are my initials...LOL. Buy it, you'll love it!  Better than the Kitchenaid I replaced it with.  I have only had it a week...hope I feel the same in the future. 	meg13	10-25-2015 23:59:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17012496	As others have said, this dishwasher does not actually wash dishes.  Almost everything that goes in either has to be rewashed.  Once, just for fun I didn't fully rinse something before putting it in the dishwasher.  I ran the wash cycle, which is 128 minutes.  One would think over 2 hours of washing would clean something, but it didn't.  I put the same dishes through for 3 cycles, 6 hours of washing, and yet, they were still dirty.  Even if the dishwasher really did wash dishes, the racks are useless.  There is no good way to load this dishwasher.  And the bottom rack always slides all the way out, off the tracks (really there are no tracks, it just rolls on the door), and nearly onto the floor.Until I can find a better dishwasher we are stuck washing everything by hand.  I want to donate this dishwasher to Mythbusters and watch them blow it up when I get a new one.  At least then it would be good for something. 	meg13	10-25-2015 23:59:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Cleanliness complain but also has issues with racks falling off	false
43238229	I had never heard of Danby until I started looking for a small under-counter dishwasher for a small space. Then I discovered that Danby is one of the biggest companies nobody had ever heard about. (Note that the review template from Amazon doesn't mention the name.) Those who had used the units were satisfied and so I ordered one. Boy, was I in for a pleasant surprise. The unit was easy to install (though the instructions were confusing) after cutting out the opening, but the surprise came when we started using the unit. For one thing, it calls for a rinse product as well as dishwasher soap, and for another, it has a built-in water softener, very important here in western Minnesota. What blew me away was how clean the thing got our dishes, even without the rinse product. I've had Kenmore and I've had Kitchen Aid, and THIS IS THE BEST DISHWASHER I HAVE EVER HAD!  Especially for under $400.00, shipping and all! I may change my tune a year or five down the line, but this little Danby is built like a Sherman tank, and with high quality all down the line. Based on my limited experience, I can recommend this item highly. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:04:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75227116	We made this unfortunate purchase 14 months ago, after searching through the Consumer Reports ratings and evaluations.  They (CR) gave this dishwasher rave reviews for function, quietness, reliability and energy conservation. They downplayed the smaller interior as #34;insignificantly smaller#34;.  That all sounded good, so in spite of the grotesque price, we figured that it would amortize over a longer life, and heck, who doesn't want to save energy when it is feasible.The ONLY positive thing I can say about this POC is that it IS quiet.The interior layout is so goofy that it is virtually impossible to put a reasonable load of dishes into the baskets. The idiot that designed the interior must have been using doll-house dishes for sizing.  It took two runs to process the same load of dishes that my previous Whirlpool would wash (CLEAN) and dry (DRY and SPOTLESS) in a single run.  And it required 134 minutes to process one load.And you have to keep feeding it this expensive Jet Dry rinse agent, or else you get a soapy film on the dishes, complete with a soapy taste as well.  And the dishes are NEVER dry when the cycle is done.There are options for shorter cycles. Because we pre-rinse our dishes, the short wash cycle got the dishes adequately clean (but not as clean as the longer cycle). The problem is that at the end of the short cycle, the dishes are soaking wet, and if you let them dry in the dishwasher by evaporation, they end up horribly spotted.The alleged #34;automatic cleanliness detector#34; detected NOTHING; there was no difference. The #34;detector#34; cycle also ran the full 134 minutes. And all of that in spite of the fact that I have the hot water which feeds the dishwasher set at 150.So I wish some energy wizard would explain to me how it is saving energy to require twice as many cycles, each of which is longer than my Whirlpool, to do a given load of dishes and cookware, and not do them as well as the Whirlpool, with the additional requirement of frequently adding some energy-intensive chemical to the machine.Based on the horrible experiences other owners have reported with respect to Bosch warranty support and repair service, I can say I am very thankful that this thing managed not to break in the 14 months we used it.Bottom line, I hated the machine to the point I just would not use it often, and when my wife asked me PLEASE, for Christmas, PLEASE get rid of this thing, I understood and sympathized completely. So Dec. 23, while she was out shopping for Christmas dinner prep, I tore out this eurocrap tragedy and installed a new Whirlpool, which although it is NOT as quiet, it does its job remarkably well, and at roughly half the price.Suffice it to say that she was EXTREMELY pleased. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:04:05	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Design defects	false
39190868	Our model No. Is KUDS35FXSS4. Purchased new in 2011. The adjustable top rack slide design and mechanism is cheap plastic. We are careful in how we load and unload it, but twice now (after warranty period) wheels have broken off. I went back to the store where we bought it and the salesman said he had the same DW and has had the same problem! KitchenAid not only would not stand behind the product, they charged absurd prices for the replacement parts that broke ($25 for a small plastic clip that couldn't cost more than fifty cents to make in bulk). This last go around cost me $150 in parts. I understand KitchenAid finally changed this design...but apparently not their price gouging on parts. Very disappointed in KitchenAid and done with their products. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:04:05	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	Expensive replacement parts that kept breaking	false
42913839	second maytag product i have replaced that was 2 years old, installed maytag microwave and dishwasher when i remodeled the kitchen 2 years ago. i have a letter from maytag informing me they only make thier products to last a few years. thats why we dont see the maytag man anymore after a few years they through him out..  dont buy maytag 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:04:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	States that Maytag said they only make products to last a few years	false
67611981	I thought buying this expensive dishwasher was the smart thing to do because you get what you pay for right? Wrong! Total piece of crap. The cheaper dishwashers work better, should have gone with ANY other brand and only spent about $500.00 to $600.00. Error 1 constantly only there is NO LEAK! Never cleaned the dishes very well for the money we spent and its not that quiet....well now it is because it has stopped working all together and now I have to hand wash everything! Thanks electrolux for stealing my money, I hope your company goes bankrupt and stops ripping people off! I will NEVER waste my money on anything made by electolux ever again. Do yourself a favor and buy a cheaper brand because they last years longer! I had this hunk of junk for less than 2 yrs, I rate it ZERO stars but have one finger in the air for the company that made it........ 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:04:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64743326	I don't have a lot to say about this dishwasher - I have zero complaints.I've had it for four years. It's very quiet, the interior of it is stainless steel, it has nice features, it's easy to use, and it's very effective at cleaning the dishes. I have had zero problems with it, and I think I bought it for $400 or less. I would recommend this to anyone. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:04:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79200410	Died after one year. Technician recommended to get a new one. Too bad I did not buy the extended warranty. For this price I thought it would have lasted for 5 years. Apparently the computer, or whatever it is, that run the machine is placed below the drawer. Apparently leaking water flooded this device. Bad engineering. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:04:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
58247462	Order it on Thursday got on MondaySo far so good easy to sit up .larger then I thought it would be.Makes noises but you can get over that .....ill keep uPOSTED ..........Love it , Love it.....no more dish pan hands.... 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:04:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
59936199	I have had the displeasure of owning this dishwasher for about 6 months now and I hate it! It does not clean well at all.The water in my area is pretty hard so I have tried every detergent on the shelf thinking it was a problem with the detergents I was using. I have tried every cycle combination and still have food particles left on dishes after the cycle completes. Dishes get scraped off into the trash before loading, cookware and utensils get soaked in hot soapy water and practically washed by hand after use and still do not get cleaned in this unit.I have found that the finish power ball tabs and cascade complete pods work best in this dishwasher with my water but I have to turn the rinse aid dispenser to 1 (I have been using Lemi Shine rinse aid because this dishwasher does not rinse jet dry off of dishes well enough EVEN if the dispenser is set to 1 so you see bubbles when you fill a clean glass with water) so I dont end up with residue and spots on glasses. This causes a problem though because without enough rinse aid the dishes are still wet after the drying cycle. My old 8 year old BOL roper dishwasher would clean ANY load perfectly with even the cheapest dishwasher detergent.The tines on the bottom rack are too close together making it difficult and inefficient to load large bowls, pots and pans. The detergent dispenser is also easily blocked.Top rack loading is also a joke. Bowls do not set properly unless the top tines are angled outward, but this reduces the amount of space for other items. Also, the wine glass holders do not work very well and allow the glasses to rub against eachother because the edge of the rack slants down.I have tried loading the dishwasher like the manual advises but results are the same...Poor at best.No, the filter screen is not clogged.No, none of the holes in the wash arms are clogged.No, I am not choosing the wrong cycles.No, I am not over crowding the dishwasher. (It is a household of 2 and loaded and ran nearly every evening)No, the incoming water temp is not too cold.Yes, this dishwasher sucks.Unless you want to wash clean dishes with your dishwasher or use it as storage, do not buy this unit.I thought I was upgrading to a nicer dishwasher. NOTOh I almost forgot, it is pretty darn quiet while its running and NOT cleaning my dishes. :) 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:04:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
42033266	THIS IS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS THING.I bought this same model dishwasher a few weeks ago from another retailer. This leads me to the reason I'm giving this particular product 4 stars - price. I paid far less for this thing after shipping.If you look for 10 minutes you can find this thing for about $400 shipped after tax. Not bad.I will be fair to Amazon though - if the shipped price of this goes down below $430 shipped (roughly what I paid), I will give back the 5th star.***I got this thing because I NEEDED IT BADLY. I was spoiled in one apartment that had an ok dishwasher, and of course, my parents own a Bosch.I searched long and hard for a good dishwasher. Apparently Whirlpool sucks - I stayed at a friend's place and this was confirmed. Then I came across this Danby.I've heard of Danby, but I don't know anyone who owns anything made by the company, aside from me now.***PERFORMANCE (this is why you're reading, right?):Excellent. I made some cheesy pasta 2 nights ago, and didn't clean it until I got the dishwasher. I INTENTIONALLY threw in pots, pans, glassware, and more that had a great deal of baked on, dried on, caked on filth.THERE WAS NO DEGREE OF ME PRE-CLEANING THIS STUFF. I thew it in as-is.I ran the cycle - something that had sat for literally about a month came out sparkling. Stuff from cheesy pasta night did the same.My only criticisms are as follows:-A butter knife with dried on melted cheese didn't clean off. I threw it in another cycle and it was sparkling-The Pots and Pans cycle doesn't really work right. This seems to be a common problem. I'm thinking that it's not a defect, but rather Danby needs you to conduct a non-intuitive step to assure that it gets past the first rinse cycle.-2.5 hours runs the entire wash, rinse, and dry cycle. The dry cycle lasts the longest, so pulling them out early isn't a big deal.-The detergent dispenser works well for me on every cycle but Pots and Pans. That being said, I don't have a problem with just throwing the tablet anywhere in the dishwasher and I get great results. I'll probably trade detergent with someone who likes the tabs and wants to get rid of powder or liquid.EASE OF USE:Good-Excellent. The frustrating parts are that since the drain is smaller than a normal dishwasher AND it has to pump waste water upward into a sink, the chances of hard water scaling is high. This is remedied by a salt pellet chamber. For $4 you get a 40 pound bag of water softener salt pellets and you have to fill up the chamber once in a while. It's not that bad - just remember to keep up on it. I believe it senses if there is salt present.The manual isn't very good, but it doesn't take long to realize how to work this thing. Read it once, and understand the intuitive aspects of a dishwasher and you'll be fine. If there's some funny extra step on how to run the Intensive Cycle (pots and pans), it's not in this manual.Portability. I really dislike having to push this right up against the sink. I will explore options to extend the short hoses. It's enough for most sinks, but I'd like to be able to tuck this in a specific corner of my kitchen and not have to move it around.Cleaning. You do have to dump the filter every once in a while. It comes in 3 parts - the primary filter (a screen that catches a lot of things), a coarse filter (it catches big things), and a fine filter (the last line of defense). This is a quick rinse in the sink.***Overall, I wanted something that cleaned well, could fit a few pots and pans, glasses, plates, and large bowls. The bonus is that it's also countertop space. My Microwave is going here and now I have actual countertop space for prepping food. This is a MUST for a medium sized kitchen that doesn't have a dishwasher. $400 + $30 in energy per year to run is great. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:04:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
77459763	Love my new Bosch dishwasher! It is so quiet that I can barely tell it is running! At last I can watch tv, talk on the phone or just relax without dishwasher noise from my adjacent kitchen. It looks super sleek with controls hidden at the top and an unobtrusive red dot glows on the floor to let you know it is in wash cycle. Dishes come out sparkling clean without using too much energy. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:05:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51854532	Love this compact dishwasher. It fits a lot of dishes for it's size and washes them clean. I never thought it could do the job of an undercounter dishwasher, but thought I'd give it a try. Much to my surprize it works well. Some days I have to run it twice, but since I hate washing dishes, this unit is very handy! We have a family of three adults. I wouldn't suggest it for anything larger, unless you want to do a few loads. It takes about an hour to complete. My hubby is going to put the line under the sink, so we don't have to tie up the faucet while it's being run. Although, an hour is not that long. I use powdered FINISH soap and Jet Dry. It would say the Jet Dry is the key. I open it when it's finished and the glasses are spotless. Since it doesn't dry the dishes(a feature On undercounters that doesn't work well anyway if water collects on an item) opening the door is no problem. Again, well worth the money and it works fantastic. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:05:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32344259	LOVE the new third rack at the top. I can fit so many more things in it so I am hand-washing less. I did have to buy new drinking glasses though because ours were just a tad too tall. This dish washer is so quiet you can't even tell it's on, and hard-to-clean dishes are getting clean where they didn't before. The light isn't necessary but is a cool little feature. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:05:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59942946	As a husband and father of a 2 and half year old, I love to cook and really hate washing dishes.  As soon a our tax returns came in this year, we resolved to purchase  a dishwasher.  Living in a New York Co-Op this dishwasher makes you slap yourself in the face and wonder what took you so long to purchase it.  I have gone from hating to wash dishes to now I literally comb the house to find a reason to use this thing.  Outside of the hose dispensing the dirty water, this thing is quite (the kitchen is next to my daughters room and runs as she sleeps).  Before our dishes piled up because my wife and I were so exhausted from work and having an energetic 2 year old to come home to.  Now dishes are an after thought.  Get this thing... 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:05:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67804957	This dishwasher is terrible.  I have never written a review before but am compelled to after dealing with this dishwasher.  It is brand new and does not clean the dishes at all.  I have done all the trouble shooting.  After multiple service calls- still no better.  Whirlpool customer service it absolutely terrible!  They don't care!I am sooo wish I went with LG (have multiple appliances from them with no problems).  Never again whirlpool! 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:05:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42863812	I have the previous version of Danby dishwasher, 496, but I want to comment on how great a machine it has been for me.  I bought the DDW496W almost 4 years ago, while living in small apartment, expecting my 4th child.  I knew I would never be able to keep up with the hand-washing any more.  I have never regretted the decision.  After getting used to the size of the machine and getting into the groove of what I could fit into it, I was very satisfied.The only trouble I have ever had with the machine is that the hoses have loosened a bit over time, and water has leaked under the machine.  Once I realized the problem, and tightened the hoses back up, the leaking stopped.  There was also a time when I noticed a black scum building up around the heating element, but it turned out to be a by-product of my natural dishwasher detergent and had nothing to do with the machine itself.  Another time, the machine sudsed all over the place, but that was because I had tried out a new detergent and added rinse guard all at once.  Too much detergent.  Now I use the basic store brand gels, about 1T per load, and never have any trouble with over-sudsing.We have a lot of dirty dishes, and I run my machine at least 3 times a day.  When a load is done, I either leave it in the Danby with the door all the way open to air dry, or unload it into a dish-drying rack and put in the next load (depending on how quickly I need to wash the next dishes).  It's worth it to me to run it 3 times a day, and only wash pots, pans, and other big items at the end of the day ... as opposed to washing every thing by hand every day.I also love the water-heating element.  It gets the water super-hot and cleans/sanitizes my dishes very well.With very little TLC, and running the machine so often, I am surprised at long it has lasted.  I still use it every day, now with six kids in a 3-bedroom apartment.I love this machine and I recommend it to anyone who is looking for an alternative to hand-washing all those dishes. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:09:48	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Liked the machine overall, but did have issues with leaking and a few other problems she claims she caused herself	false
17931557	I was hesitant to buy this dishwasher, as I heard bad things about the effectiveness of the top rack. I've had it a week now and it's excellent. I tested it with spatulae slathered with peanut butter; squeaky clean when done. It's ridiculously quiet. The cycles are long; you're looking at an easy 150 minutes. Still uses less water than running the faucet for two minutes. I've installed a couple hundred dishwashers (part of my job) but this kind is a bit of a pain. You need to wire a terminal block which has a fixed male line. Also, there is a lot to the back end of this machine, unlike most midrange dws. In other words, it is 24#34; wide top to bottom all the way back. Integral supply line and drain lines are a bit of a bonus though, as is the worm operated front-back leveling foot.In short: excellent operation, not for amateur installation. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:09:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85427827	This little machine cleans just as well as a full size dishwasher. I live in an apartment with little room for a large roll around portable unit, so I decided to take a chance on this machine. I read a lot of the reviews, and decided it was the right size and would hopefully do a good job cleaning my dishes. This machine is amazing!!!! It's quiet, does a wonderful job cleaning and fits on the countertop under my kitchen cabinets. When it came in the mail, it was packaged like an armored tank. it is very simple to set up, and just as simple to use. This is by far the best money I've ever spent on any appliance. Hats off to SPT and their mighty mini 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:09:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69469817	This is the most beautifully designed dishwasher...HOWEVER DO NOT PURCHASE. Not only did it leave some food debris on my silverware it is impossible to load. We had to use the top for our mugs and cups because the dishes kept hitting the top of the dishwasher..total waste of money. I called the store and told them..come pick it up and send me a Bosch.. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:09:48	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74502409	I have had the dishwasher for over 4 years.  Its a champ!  Being in my cabin left alone for weeks than it is put to nonstop use from icecream maker to all kinds of dishes and dried on egg.  Even washed the bug zapper in it.  Works great.  Down side...Damn it was pricey!! 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:09:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	Complained about price	false
37208340	This dishwasher looks very nice but it just does not get the dishes clean. Very unhappy. My silverware is always filthy. And I really don't want to have to wash the dishes before I put them in the dishwasher to be washed. They just don't make things like they used you. And it was not inexpensive. I had a dishwasher back in the day that you could put dishes that had caked on food and the dishes would still come out clean. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:14:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Price and cleanliness	false
86353516	We've had this dishwasher for over a year now and it has been spectacular! I love not having to hand wash the dishes. I have had problems when using Jet dry rinse agent. It creates tons of suds but that could be due to our water. I use Lemishine now with no sudsing problems. Also my large dinner plates don't fit upright. I have to put them in on a slant being careful not to block the detergent dispenser. Those are the only two issues I've had and they were both easily fixed. The dishwasher fits perfectly on the counter top near the sink. The water hoses are lonh enough if you don't want to put it directly next to the sink. I love this dishwasher! It's perfect for our apartment. I highly recommend it! 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:14:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44733124	All the power of a full-size, hard wired dishwasher, with the convenience of a portable (a necessity for me in NYC).  Very pleased. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:14:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29879767	I've read a bunch of reviews and blogs on this dishwasher. Unfortunately it came with our home when we bought it. At this point I would have preferred to buy my own from the start. Ours has broken 4 times and I refuse to call the repair people anymore. The steam doesn't vent properly because they engineered it wrong. There are 6 TINY holes on the top right and left to vent the steam but they do such a bad job that the control panel actually fries. Take it from us, even if you get it free it is not worth the pain to even install it. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:14:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50102079	This is an awesome dishwasher. It is super quiet and cleans really well. It has a rack at the very top for knives, tops of plastic storage, etc. that might normally slip through the racks. Right now I have it running on heavy wash, and you can just barely hear it. It's quiet even when you're right next to it. I'm very happy with this purchase, and the delivery was on time and professional. 	meg13	10-26-2015 00:14:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68291785	I received this about a month ago.  Of course it's delivered on when my husband is away on business.  I was extremely anxious to use it so by myself I took the dishwasher out of 2 boxes and then lifted the 50+lb dishwasher to the counter.  I opened all pieces and within a matter of 10 minutes I had it hooked up and working (I previously had ZERO experience hooking up a dishwasher).  Love this machine!  I think my husband loves it more though, since it was his job to wash the dishes.  Would definitely recommend. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:15:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46243545	Buying the #34;top of the line#34; dishwasher I thought I'd have a good one that would last a good 10 years. Thirteen months after buying the pump went out and was replaced. The service man was able to help us get Electrolux to pay for the part. Now, three years later, the same problem, no water pumping into machine. Service guy replaced pump and still wouldn't work. He called Electrolux  they said it must be a #34;board#34; because then he couldn't get it to power up. Board was replaced to tune of $328, and it worked after much finagling by repairman ( he was ready to throw his hands in the air on this one). The day after the repair I went to wash dishes and no water will pump into the machine again! Now the repair guy will be coming to pull the machine  bring to shop  try to find the problem. My husband called Electrolux  they will not stand behind their products, stock answer is buy the warranties every year! I also have an Electolux 30#34; wall oven bought at the same time and the digital numbers are burning out. That also requires a new board for $384! 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:15:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69015609	This product is great for anyone who lives in a small apartment and is looking to have the dishes done without taking the time to do them. It took less than 10 minutes to setup and it is easy to operate and its basically self efficient. I couldn't ask for a better product than what I got to do the job outside of having an actual dishwasher in the house. Great product and def a great buy. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:15:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79317185	The ONLY thing I like about this dishwasher is how beautiful it is.  But, pretty is as pretty does.  Please read the reviews before you spend this amount of money on this dishwasher.  I poo-poo'd all the comments and should have paid attention.  I hate what everyone else does - no drying element, you can't do back to back load unless you hand dry the first load, there is no solid waste disposal, the interior is always damp and smelly, the racks are hard to load if you're washing anything but tableware, you must use a rinse agent and they recommend that you use this very expensive and hard to find #34;salt#34; in the water softener.  Is that enough?  I could go on.  The worst thing is it is so S-L-O-W - Think two and a half hours plus another four if you want the dishes dry (even then there will be puddles in your glasses bottoms).  I would NEVER buy this machine again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:15:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23415879	This dishwasher works amazingly well, and is a great size. It fits perfect in our small apartment kitchen and helps us get our dishes done consistently. 	agilay	10-26-2015 00:15:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31097596	I purchased my Bosch SHE4AP06UC in Nov 2010. It did not work correctly out of the box. Bosch replaced it. Good Bosch. Thank you for that.About 18 months later, it stopped draining, but only when we used quick wash cycle. I figured out that I could trick the drain pump into working by lifting up the bell/float located on the tub floor just beyond the filter for about a minute. After which we stopped using quick wash. Today it stopped draining, again, but my trick didn't work, this time. So I called Bosch and was told: that all soaps accept the brand Finish cause residues that can form over the sensor and cause this problem. I was told that I MUST use rinse agent as well, because that helps keep the sensor clean. I explained that we use a drying rack to dry our dishes, because we don't want chemicals to dry our dishes. (This washer doesn't have a heating element to dry dishes, the old fashion way).My advice: Save up a few hundred bucks more and get the Bosch washer you really want. Props. This washer is EXTREMELY QUIET!! And does a bang up job washing. But this model is the cheapest they have and I got exactly what I payed for. Twice. In two years. Just Damn.*** UPDATE ***The repairman has been out three times. two pumps, two controller boards, drain tubes, and a drain pan and still the unit isn't working. come on Bosch. fix it or replace it, already. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:16:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19594072	This dishwasher is an unmitigated disaster. It is indeed very quiet, but if you didn't turn it on it would be even quieter and almost as effective. About half the time we open it after cleaning a load of dishes only to find the soap dispenser drawer hasn't opened. This means of course that the food on the dishes has not only not been removed, it has been steamed on. Won't buy another Bosch dishwasher again. Ours is one year old and we are already looking for a replacement. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:16:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40372042	I am normally a big fan of GE products however this on is a real stinker. I purchased from Sears and installed on May 5, 2014. After 3 loads the #34;leak detected#34; indicator came on. Called Sears service. He declared is a lemon so Sears ordered a second one. Arrived 10 days later. As soon as I opened the crate I saw the control buttons were falling out. Called Sears and they ordered a third replacement. It was installed June 5, 2014. This one seems to wash fine however it does not dry! Service call scheduled for June 17. Will see if they can get it right. This is a very expensive lemon of a product.Do yourself a favor and avoid this dishwasher! 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:16:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53795687	I was actually quite happy with mine at first. It worked perfectly - good cleaning/drying, very quiet. Now it's dead. I checked on the Internet and see a bunch more people with the same problem - all within the past few weeks. Sounds like a design defect to me.Of course, it's over a year old and out of warranty now so I'll be buying a new dishwasher this weekend. It won't be an LG, though. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:16:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
45447734	I have had this dishwasher over a year now and have not had any problems with it.  While this unit is a little more expensive then a conventionally sized unit that we were also considering, we opted for this unit because we have a small family and it would take us several days to fill up and run a full size dishwasher.  With the dish drawer, we can usually run a load each night. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:16:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
57419891	Replaced a 12 year old Bosch with this one. New one is much quieter. But difficult to load (particularly bowls). Doesn't have the water heater my old one had. Doesn't grind and dispose food like the old one- silly filter to empty. AND...worst of all... half the dishes in the upper rack come out with little bits of grit dried on if I don't totally rinse everything (which I never used to do and which the experts say not to do.) I thought it was just me, until reading all of the reviews here. Obviously, these are common concerns. I want my old dishwasher back!!! 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:19:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38207778	I've had this washer for two years and it has never done the job. We've simply lived with it all this time. It looks pretty cheap, is loud, is very slow to cycle, doesn't wash or dry properly,leaks detergent everywhere, the steel inside is stained, and it's hard to load due to the awkward rack setup. Dishes come out cloudy, spotty and/or still dirty, and are never fully dryed. Also, everything must be pre-rinsed. DO NOT BUY THIS. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:19:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63947801	Do not purchase this product!!! After install my wife was not pleased with this unit. The dishes  seemed to always have filth on them. We always pre rinsed before we put them in the dishwasher. We lived with it the past 18 months only to find it was leaking from the bottom all over the floor. I pulled it out, only to find the parts that needed replaced will cost about $180.00 with me installing them. Searched the internet only to find other were having the same issue.  I'm tired of spending our hard earned money on appliances that do not work like they should and then brake down on you with little time on them. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:19:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the faulty components that caused the complaints	false
62710736	This is a great product. I bought it after moving to the city and having to choose between the most wonderfully priced apartment ever, and an expensive apartment with a dishwasher. This product ended up saving me over $200 a month in rent, and has never ceased to clean my dishes. It does not have the biggest load capacity, but I usually get by running it twice a week. If you are looking for a tabletop dishwasher for small apartment living, this is definitely a good idea. I considered getting this product for my college-bound brother to put in his dorm room, but that's a little ridiculous honestly; if that's your idea, do it and send me pictures, because that's a great way to make friends. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:19:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60276571	Our Gaggenau gm915-710 dishwasher stopped draining at the end of a wash cycle. We found out this problem after the dishwasher ran for several hours, claiming to be done, but still running even though the LCD said CL. I found the control board had a burned solder point. A lot of other people with this dishwasher experienced the same: wouldn't drain, and burned solder point on the control board. The recommended solution was a new control board. Before ordering a new board, I tried soldering the burned point, but the dishwasher still wouldn't drain. I checked the voltage at the drain pump, even during a drain cycle, and there was no voltage at the pump. So, I ordered a new control board. It was pretty easy to install thanks to a repair clinic youtube video. If you have a Gaggenau gm915-710 dishwasher that doesn't drain, you might want to replace the control board. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:19:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
89016986	We have had this dishwasher for almost 2 years now.I live just outside of town and we have hardwater. When the dishwasher started throwing codes at us we called the Samsung service line as directed in the manual and someone came out in two days. Being under warranty we didnt see the need to pay attention to what he did, but it was fixed and we were on our way. Two months later it happened again. Luckily the same guy came out and he told my husband it was due to our hardwater build up and it was an easy fix. Just add VINEGAR once a month through an empty cycle and 2 years now and we haven't had any further problems.We really like the sloping top rack. We have tall beer glasses and it's great for these.The dishes normally get clean, but I have a few issues where things dont come off all the way. I do want to state that we let our dishes set with food caked on for a few days before we DO NOT rinse, but just throw them in the washer. This is probably why we have an issue here and there. ALSO it's harder to remove food that stays like melted cheese and such.I will admit that one of the top rack adjusters is slowly breaking. This adjuster is used to lift and lower the top rack depending on the height of the load. Looking up parts it is a $10 fix and we can do it ourselves. So yes some people complained about this, but $10 does not seem that bad to me.It has an area for wine glasses also that we use frequently and it cleans them great. I have yet to have a broken one also. One of my biggest worries. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:23:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61228643	This replaces a older model Danby that no longer had door seals available. This is a significantly improved model and my wife loves it. If you don't have room to install a counter model, this is an excellent means of relieving yourself and/or your wife from washinmg dishes by hand. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:23:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58182063	Purchased this product several years ago and have had service on it every July since it was installed.  The latest issue is the timer which I am told takes months that is if they can get the part.  Avanti is off the list of products I would buy, take it off of yours! 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:23:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More information about the component defects about the consumer's compaints	false
62067501	I am not satisfied at all with this dishwasher.  The only good thing about it is that it is quiet.  The dishes come out still dirty and soaking wet.  I have tried different detergents but it just does not do a good job.  The drying cycle does not work well at all either. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:23:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38134382	This has got to be the loudest dishwasher I've ever heard. It does seem to clean fairly well. I would not buy another. But at least it's installed in a place that I don't care how loud it is. 	ctress10	10-26-2015 00:23:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	More Information about the Component Defects that are causing these complaints	false
85596599	I bought this to replace my noisy GE dishwasher, and it is indeed very quiet.  What i didn't know is that it's quiet in part because it doesn't have a built-in food grinder like my old GE.  The result is that if you don't get even the minutest particle of food off a dish before you put it in the dishwasher, the filter and/or drain valve clogs, and then you have to bail out the water, remove and rinse the valve, scrub the filter, and reassemble the whole thing.  Unless you actually wash your dishes by hand to a spotless state before you put them in the Miele, you'll spend a lot of time de-clogging your expensive dishwasher.  My GE was noisy, but you didn't even have to rinse the dishes before putting them in, and it never clogged up.  I regret this purchase. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unavailable functions complaint	true
49757369	Honestly, who orders a dishwasher on line???  We were having a very hard time finding the right size and this worked.  Love it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
90351302	I ordered this washer after a year of doing dishes by hand in our new house. I was spoiled rotten my whole life and never lived without a dishwasher until this past year. Doing dishes by hand is by far my least favorite job so I finally broke down and bought this little gem. I never even knew about #34;countertop dishwashers#34; until I started researching portable dishwashers. Our house is really old and the plumbing in the kitchen would need to be totally redone for a built in washer and as a recent college grad I don't have the money for that. I saw that this machine had great reviews and decided to take a chance on it. So far I love it but I think the lifespan of the machine will determine if it was money well spent. Here are some pros and cons:Pros:-Very easy set up-Frees up time to do other things-Does a wonderful job cleaning dishes - If you use the right detergent you won't have soapscum or waterspots-Does not require fancy/new plumbing-Uses regular dishwasher soap (I use Finish Quantum packs)-Quiet-Less expensive than built ins or stand up portable machines-Fits a surprising number of dishes-Very easy to operate - quick on-off attachment to faucet, easy to understand buttons and manual-Water has a #34;magical#34; way of stopping - won't keep running if you aren't around to turn it off right awayCons:-Takes up a lot of counter space (we bought a rolling cart for it since we are already low on counter space)-Adapter for sink faucet isn't super lovely to look at-Unit is very boxy and not real pleasing to the eye (we went for functionality and not beauty)-Hoses kind of just hang there (again, our cart is nice because the hoses can be hidden in the basket below)-Cycles are pretty long - normal cycle is 85 mins and the heavy cycle is over 100 minutes! (I've realized that the light cycle gets everything just as clean as the normal cycle and that takes about 1 hour)-Our normal sized dinner plates are a bit tall and need to be leaning a little bit - they still get clean but need to be spaced out so we can't fit as many (There are only 2 of us living in the house so this isn't a problem)-Plastics don't get dryIn conclusion, if you have the kitchen space and only need to wash dishes for 1-3 people I think this is a great purchase. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	time, cleanliness, external space, faucet adapter, cosmetic complaints	true
65317944	Purchased March '11, Had to replace digital contol panel (moisture) Sept '11. Contacted Kitchenaid, 1st person apologetic till mentioned possibility of design flaw, next person didn't think that possible. Sept '12 waiting on repairman to replace control panel again (moisture). Definite design flaw if circuit board can not be kept dry on a dishwasher. Will repair this time, then not buy another Kitchenaid product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:43:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel defect, design complaint	true
34011579	I've had mine for several years. The taller lower rack means I can wash pans and platters that the old machine couldn't handle. Another thing I like, the rotating wand for the upper rack is supplied via a pipe running up the back, not a jet coming out of the lower wand. That lets me use all of the space on the lower rack.I like it enough that I'm buying another for my wife's place. Her dishwasher can't even handle large dinner plates, much less a platter. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
73608929	Not too small and certainly not too large.  A perfect fit for our beach house with a 1940's kitchen.  Cycle times are sometimes long and confusing but it does the job VERY WELL, and then it rolls away and becomes extra counter space.We have only used it for a few weeks but are extremely happy and glad that we did NOT buy a counter top smaller unit.  This handles a weekend (of two people) of plates and dishes and delivers them back clean and bright.  Well worth it.Suggest you write to Danby Customer service (email) and request cycle times so you know it is working correctly. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:48:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
69903585	I am sad there is no zero star option. Reading the bad reviews make me sad I ever thought this dishwasher was a good buy. I had actually purchased an extra year warranty, but as soon as it ran out, the top rack started tearing apart, $68 in parts for two plastic pieces. To add insult to injury, now it is stopping midcycle as so many others are doing. Google KitchenAid stopping in midcycle, not an isolated issue. My authorized KitchenAid repair guy, awesome by the way, said basically it was 90 % the board, and go buy another dishwasher because it was an ongoing issue with these units. $500 to fix a less than 3 year old dishwasher that is obviously a huge POS across the board is not an option for me. I for one will never buy another KitchenAid appliance product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:48:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	rack and control board defects, unreliable complaint	true
40931341	I purchased this dishwasher from the local home improvement store, and I couldn't be happier with it so far.  I was initially looking at theWhirlpool WDT910SAYM, but the only meaningful difference I could see was that model had a stainless steal interior for an extra $200.  Maybe it's worth it, but I don't know.  Clean dishes are clean dishes, in my mind.Installation of this dishwasher is also pretty easy.  You have to buy the inflow hoses and connectors, but the home improvement store knows this and they have a kit already prepared with every connector you'd ever need.  The Whirlpool dishwashers require a larger brass connector than other brands, but it's in the kit and very easy to hook up.  Also, there are several good videos on youtube showing how to install this very model.  It took me a couple of hours to take out the old unit and install this one, but I was washing dishes much more quickly than I had anticipated.My only concern about this dishwasher is the latch.  It works fine (for now), but it's a plastic latch.  It's actually in place out-of-the-box, but I thought it was a temporary shipping latch.  I even went back to the store to look at the latch on the floor model to make sure I wasn't missing something.  It's there already.  All you do is pull.  I thought it should have some sort of lock on it, but it doesn't.  Just push shut and pull open (the first couple of pulls are a little stiff).  Because it's plastic and easily removable, I'm tempted to order a replacement part right now while I'm thinking about it.  Who knows?  The latch will probably work fine for 20 years?As far as noise is concerned, this unit is MUCH quieter than the freight train that was my old model.  Simple conversation or watching TV in the same room while the dishwasher is running isn't a problem.  You can hear it, but it isn't overly intrusive.  As far as cleaning is concerned, like the other reviewer I don't wash the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher.  So far, everything has come out spotless.  There is also much more room in this thing than I had in my mid 90's model Kennmore.  I don't pay much attention to changes in dishwasher technology over time, but all this additional room has been a welcome surprise.Obviously, I won't be completely sure of the durability of this unit for many more years.  However, I am very pleased with this unit so far. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:48:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	cheap part complaint	true
48538904	It took me two or three days to research washing machines. I decided on this one and got it locally at about the same price with free set up and delivery. The reviews on Amazon are so very helpful. I have had this machine a couple weeks. My old machine died electronically and the start button failed. The nite before this one was delivered, it came back to life!! But it was 25 years old and my dishes did not sparkle. Now they do. I didn't want another electronic panel, but there is little choice these days. Dishes are very clean, and sparkly. Pretty easy to use. More options than I need. I agree the tines are very close together but a row on the top and the bottom fold down for bigger items. The top shelf is adjustable up and down and completely removable which is big plus when I want to wash my big pots that I could never fit it the dishwasher before.  The machine does stop when finished but the on off button is on and needs to be manually shut off. I don't understand why that is.  only tabs or dry soap is recommended. I have a huge amount of liquid soap left which the installer says I can probably use, but it isn't recommended. The panel needs the instruction book sometimes for some functions..I wish that part was more user friendly. It isn't difficult but it is something extra I need to look up if I need to change a setting.The next level ou was over $300 more and I don't think it would have been worth the extra money for me. OH, it is very quiet.  So far, I am very happy I bought this model  and would recommend it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:48:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
47253512	I have had this exact model of dishwasher for 6 months now. I'm still completely amazed at how quiet it is. It's good looking with the top level controls, it does a good job cleaning dishes and it loads fairly easily. I'm happy enough with it that I'm buying a second one for my bar.That being said, we are seeing soapy streaks building up inside the door. I suspect this is due to the soap we are using so we are going to change things up a bit. At this stage, the dishwasher itself could be a contributing factor, but I don't think so at this point. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 00:48:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
72415880	Here's a list of why you should buy this product. I've had it almost a month now. I'm going to try and hit all the big points other people mentioned as well as some of my own...1) It is absolutely the least expensive compact dishwasher you will find. I looked for HOURS and nothing compared. PLUS it ships free in 2 days with Amazon prime. If you don't have an account, now is the perfect time to go for that free trail membership. I can only imagine the shipping cost because the box was nearly 60 lbs.2) It is large. People compare these things to microwaves... WAY BIGGER! I personally have ZERO counter space so I bought a rolling shelf in order to use it.Whitmor 6056-344-N Supreme Cart, ChromeThis works great for those that are in my situation. I keep it next to my fridge and I like the way it looks. I am lucky enough that I only have to move it about 8 inches to use it.3) It comes with a faucet attachment. You may have to switch out the tip of the faucet in order for the dishwasher to work. If you have one of those faucet Brita filters or something, I don't know that affects things...  Also, keep the original faucet tip in a safe place. I'm sure the landlord won't be happy if that gets lost because you will need to take the new tip with you when you move (assuming you're keeping the dishwasher).4) This holds A LOT of dishes. It takes a couple tries to figure out the best way to load the dishes.  Now it's really second nature. It does hold the standard 10.5 inch plates. You can also stack you smaller pots and pans on top of your other dishes. I fill this baby to the max!!5) It does clean your dishes well. When I stuff it with as many dishes I can possibly fit, I use the heavy cycle. When I fill it to where most reasonable people would consider full, I use normal. As with most dishwashers, it is a good idea to presoak or rinse off the item right after you use it. Anything like plastic spoons that has stuck on eggs will not get cleaned. I have not tried with plates. But again, this is true of any dish washer. I have seen detergents that claim to wash highly soiled dishes but it was very expensive so I went with the regular kind.6) You'll still have to handwash large pots and pans. If you don't like it buy a larger dishwasher. If you don't have space or budget for a larger dishwasher, this is a non-issue because you don't have much choice. In the end, you're washing a few pots instead of ALL of your dishes.7) I use Finish Gel and Finish Jet Dry. They work great together. The Jet Dry (which is a rinsing agent) DOES make a big difference. The first time I used the machine I did it without a rinse agent and I had stuck on particles to my dishes. This is no more. ALSO, there is a way to tell how much jet dry is left in the machine. You will pour quite a bit into the machine (the manual tells you when to stop). After using the dishwasher, you can see the rinse agent inside a little window next to where you poured it in. If you tilt the door up then down, you will see the liquid move. I've done dishes about three times since I added the agent and it's still there. I guess it releases a certain amount each wash. Just keep checking it until you figure out how many washes this lasts for.8) This DOES NOT LEAK!!! For the people that claims it leak, I can guess one of two things...a. When attaching the drain pump, the manual specifies using a wrench or something to tighten it after using your hand. I made it as tight as I could with my hand. When I got a wrench, it went on about 3 or 4 more turns without over tightening it!!! That is a big deal when dealing with pipes!b. There is water left in the pipes after the cycle. I just take my old dishwashing pan, set it on the floor, and wiggle the pipes until the water drains. It's only about a cup or so of water. Then I keep the pipes inside of the dish pan when not in use, just in case. Not a big deal at all and takes less than a minute all together.  (NOTE: I keep this on a moving self, not on a counter, so the dishpan idea may not work for storage. But you can still drain the water.)9) It doesn't heat try your dishes so it's best to open the door after the cycle stops. This helps. It also doesn't heat the water so I run the water until it is hot before hooking it up to the faucet.10) Be realistic about your purchase... Once again, this is the least expensive dishwasher on the market. So it won't cook your breakfast, iron your clothes, or anything else. It washes dishes. If you want all the extra features, be prepared to pay more. Simple as that. But from what I've seen, most of the compact ones don't have all the bells and whistles. Probably just not able to fit in such a small design.11) People are complaining of problems after a couple years. So just to be on the safe side, I am going to get the square trade APPLIANCE (not electronics) warranty. Three years for about $30. 4 years for $40. I think it's worth the investment but you decide.UPDATE on May 20th!So, after owning this over 6 months, I must say I still love the product. I no longer presoak my dishes and they still get clean. BUT BUT BUT I will say this. I only put in my glass/ceramic items or metal such as silverwear. Plastic doesn't seem to get as clean if there is something stuck on (there are still many dishes I have to handwash so I don't care). Also, I made pulled pork once. The little prok stringy pieces did get caught up a little but that's the only thing I noticed caused a problem.Also, I was getting a buildup problem on my dishes. THIS IS NOT THE DISHWASHER'S FAULT!!! It does need to be cleaned eventually. I just cleaned this last week for the first time. So what I did was run it on a normal cycle with detergent and bleach. Then I ran just the rinse cycle with white vinegar. Since this machine uses so little water, I didn't feel guilty about running it twice. After I did this, NO PROBLEMS!!  Put in a load of sticky sticky dishes and they came clean. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:33:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88775833	This item works as described and actually better than my built in unit. It came double boxed and well protected arrived in 3days I have been using this unit for about a month with not a single problem. I would highly recomend this unit. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:33:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72725574	We have owned this for three years now and have had one problem after another.  The start button does not work now - and we have to use the Delay cycle to wash the dishes.  I also own a 2 Frigidaire stove/ovens and a microwave.  One oven stopped working...and I had to have it repaired...Mind you, these appliances are only 3 years old!  After hundreds of dollars for repairs already - I'm buying a new dishwasher.. maybe an oven....do not buy! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:33:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37923886	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher has been a constant disappointment. We spent about $500 for repairs to things documented as known problems online, and have only kept it because I learned to fix it myself and it hasn't fully died, though it doesn't clean dishes well, and regularly malfunctions by getting clogged with minor debris and the door popping open during cycle.Warranty is short, customer service lacking, and products shoddy. Will not buy a Kitchenaid again. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:33:07	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
38581416	I would give this negative stars if possible.  We bought the Model KUDT03FTSS3.  The most miserable appliance we have ever owned.  It is incredibly difficult to load, nothing fits properly, most items fall into each other or just fall over.  The mechanism for raising/lowering the top rack (which we never use) takes up a lot of room so you can't load anything in that area.  This dishwasher does a horrible job of cleaning dishes, and if you don't have it loaded up with rinsing agent, it cleans even worse.  This model has a utensil tray on the very top -- that had to come out within a couple of days as it really restricts what can be loaded below it.  I'm afraid we relied much too heavily on the perceived quality of the KitchenAid name when we bought this dishwasher.  It's really, really an awful dishwasher. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:33:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34382189	I have owned my dishwasher for about 4 years now.  I have had NO PROBLEMS!!!! It cleans lightly soiled  heavily soiled dishes.  It doesn't leak at all, it doesn't use a lot of water.  It's great. Some people have complained about it being loud when washing. It's about a loud as your washing machine. It's water splashing, it's not that deep. The dishwasher is small and sometimes we have to get creative when placing a lot inside, but it still works well. It has no problems when using the tabs for liquid.  Recently we found that you don't have to use hot water because the dishwasher heats the water for you.  There is a down fall to using cold water, the dishes don't dry as well.  I do highly suggest using a rinsing agent.  There is a difference when you don't.  Over all this is a fantastic product and would recommend it a 1000 times over. If by chance something ever happens to mine I will buy another..... 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:35:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87651109	This product works very well and is small enough that I can fit it on my counter top. That helps out a lot as my kitchen is too small for a regular sized one. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:35:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61673650	I found the same issues as Emily.  The top of the dishwasher was cracked upon receipt.  The dishwasher would alarm 30 seconds after starting a cycle.  I contacted tech support at Haier and they told me it was alarming because there was water in the bottom of the dishwasher.  They had me lean it forward to drain out the water and the front 2 wheels broke off.  I tried to start another cycle and it had the same alarm.  Very poor construction.  I also returned the dishwasher for a refund. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:35:51	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
80462367	Maytag used to be the BEST name in appliances, but it is now just another ho-hum appliance.  Our dishwasher just out of warranty, first had a recall, don't use as it could catch on fire so we had them install a new heating element (no charge).  Then two weeks later, it quit entirely, and we were told it needed a new circuit board - $400 to fix.  What a deal.  Go buy a Kitchen-Aid.  My last one was 16 years old and still worked when I sold the house. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:35:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
81638568	Taking a chance on an off brand product I wasn't expecting much.  Boy was I surprised!  I have had a few dishwashers over the years, all name brands, and this one is on par with the best.  Received 3 days after ordering using super saver shipping.  Packaging was great, not a scratch on it.  Connection was easy and 1st load of dishes was washing within 30 minutes.  They came out clean and sparkling, and that was using a store brand dish detergent gel.  I highly recommend. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:35:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59789800	Pros: Look like they belong with the Jetsons.Cons:  See Below.We purchased the dish draws five years ago, and every 9 months or so, we have them worked on.  The people who sold them stated you need to wash/rinse the dishes before you put them in!!  The bottom draw has not worked for 18 months, and the top draw has finally given up.  The worst thing is the annoying sound they make when they are demanding service, we end up turning the power off at the breaker which means the garbage disposal is also out of commission.  It gets worse.  We also purchased  a Fisher  Paykel washing machine and range.  The washing machine continually ripped our clothes, and the range is just about hanging in there.  We got rid of the washing machine for a Bosch, and it is fantastic. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	broken dish racks needs to be a complaint option	false
61008332	The dish washer worked out very well as a gift for my mother. She likes it a lot. And this has to be twenty words long so here are a few more words. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:39:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	This is my favorite review that I have read throughout all of this.	false
62447166	Had the dishwasher installed for a year. Used once a week and not abused. The control panel went out and KitchenAid will not repair said out of warranty. If it goes out with little use can you imagine if you really used it. KitchenAid customer service is no help either. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:39:33	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	"out of warranty" should be an option along with bad customer service	false
22451688	We purchased and have had constant problems. It has broken over a dozen glasses, a problem we never had with other brands. Dishes just do not come out clean no matter what we try. We always have to rewash a few plates and glasses even with precleaning. Most aggravatring though was the treatment I received from Samsung when dishwasher needed repair four days after 1 year warranty expired. The help desk was anything but and after the way the supervisor treated me I will never buy any Samsung product again. If you decide you will my advice is to get the extended warranty, you'll need it! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
69147026	We purchased our dishwasher and right away noticed it leak.  We have had two or three service calls parts replaced and it still leaks.  The service man acts like it is a common proplem.  As far as not cleaning and drying it is (the service man) because of how power effent the appliance is.  Sorry I bought it, wish I would have keep my old rusty dishwasher that leaked.  Only reason we got a new one is the old one leaked. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:39:33	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
21798786	I love the design of the Gold Series and have all the matching appliances for my kitchen.  This dishwasher is extremely quiet and has never left the film all over my dishes like my old machine! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:44:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20066184	We bought this dishwasher in Feb of 2009.  Within one year, the product failed three times due to a faulty control board.  I asked Frigidaire for a new unit but they said they would fix it one more time, if it failed again, they would install a replacement unit.  Well, it failed again and when I called Frigidaire, they refused to send a replacement unit because it was past the one year warranty period.  What a crooked company with piss poor customer service.BTW, this POS can't clean dishes very well either.  DON'T BUY FRIGIDAIRE OR ELECTROLUX!!!! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:44:18	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
84965196	it's horrible dishwasher.  does a very poor job with cleaning and drying.  after 10 months the dishwasher no longer washed dishes.  the replacement the motor, however after replacing the motor, the dishwasher began leaking water during the dry cycle.The dishwasher also smells real bad.  If the dishwasher wasn't being used for more than a day, we kept the dishwasher door open to air-out.The only positive for this dishwasher is that it's quiet. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:44:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Issues with the motor should be an option.	false
55043529	It does what a dishwasher is supposed to do - wash the dishes.In case you've never owned a portable dishwasher before, it goes like this - you hook it up to the sink with a tube that pumps water to the dishwasher and then pumps dirty water back into the sink. Mine came with a special part you hook up to the faucet. You plug it in, load it up, add some soap and let it run. There's slightly more steps than a normal under-counter dishwasher, but it's smaller and thus there's more room.However, it's worth noting that this thing is bigger than a microwave. If you're going to put it on a cart, a microwave cart probably won't be big enough.I've only used the 'rapid' cycle, as other people seem to recommend, and it's worked great. There's no leaking and no mess - except if you're careless about disconnecting the sink hookup, but that's to be expected. It's like when you turn off a garden hose and lift it from the middle, water still in the hose is bound to come out the only way gravity will let it.It doesn't seem to have any kind of sound muffling so it's a bit loud. Not too loud to run in the middle of the night with neighbors sleeping one room over but it's no gentle hum either. It's heavy too, I nearly hurt myself getting out of the (huge) box it came in. Neither of these are enough to overshadow the performance and general convenience though.I've read a lot of bad reviews about this thing. I've come to the conclusion that the majority of them come from people who have never used a portable dishwasher before. Having owned a larger model myself, I knew the basics of what to expect. As with any plumbing that comes partially 'pre-assembled' you need to tighten and adjust everything to avoid leaks - machines put these things together most of the time, not people. You check the seals, the general quality of the product and watch over it the first time you run it. Just in case. If something goes wrong the odds are that it was used improperly.All in all, I'm satisfied. It works well and I don't have to do the dishes by hand anymore.[UPDATE] - December 30, 2010I still stand by everything in my review. This thing is a great convenience. I haven't had any leaks, malfunctions or trouble.[UPDATE] - August 20, 2011A year later and still working like a dream. If it starts to smell inside, just run a cycle with a little bleach and it'll take care of that. If some build up starts to happen around the seal, just wipe it down with a sponge. Both of these things can happen with any dishwasher, so it's not a big deal.[UPDATE] - October 6, 2011Minor (stupid) user-end issue today. A chopstick was poking into the seal when I closed the door. It still locked closed and I didn't notice the chopstick sticking into the seal until one of the rinse cycles started. A lot of water leaked out. I caught it almost right away and it took about 20 minutes to clean up. There was no damage to property or the dishwasher though. Still totally recommend it. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:44:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64500289	We have owned a Maytag protable for 1 1/2 years and have had 3 service calls for the same problem.  The washer that connects to the faucet starts leaking and sprays water all over.  Now, if I could just have the washer replaced it wouldn't be so bad, but the whole hose has to be replaced. This costs $130 even with my extended warranty.  Buy anything else!Maytag Jetclean Plus Series MDC4809AWB 24 Portable Dishwasher - Black 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:44:18	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Are these all just about portable dishwashers? I had no idea that was even a thing.	false
89086457	I bought a Bosch thinking it was top of the line.  I would give anything to have my old Whirlpool back with the silverware compartment on the door.  MOLD IS THE ISSUE WITH BOSCH.  There is no disposal in my unit so water sits in the drain below the screen and causes mold within a day or two.  Mold does not come off the dishes with another cycle. It has to be rubbed off by hand.  Not exactly why I have a dishwasher!  Very bad design, but it is fairly quiet.  am thinking of just getting rid of it and buying a new Whirlpool.  A lot of money to just throw down the drain. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:46:56	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
81766164	i had a limited space and wanted a stainless dishwasher to match my other appliances.It won't do dishes for a family, but for 1 or 2 people it is fine. Plan on still washing the pots and pans!The dishes come out clean - and all we do is scrape them off. Dried food has come off fine. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:46:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80981428	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned. KitchenAid used to be synonymous with quality, in my opinion, not anymore.A $700 dishwasher shouldn't need the main control panel and module replaced 3 times in 2 years. This is a part that costs about $350 plus installation to replace.The part almost always seems to be backordered and therefore you are without the dishwasher for weeks while one of these come in, then you have to wait for a service technician to install it.What really annoyed me is that after a call to the Whirlpool Cool Line I still haven't heard what they as the manufacturer are going to do to make the problem right.I had a better experience with the Sears customer service line, this is where I originally purchased the dishwasher. When I called their executive resolution team and they saw that this was the third time that this machine was being repaired for the same issue, they offered to replace the machine. Kudos to Sears! Their customer service in this case is as good as a Nordstroms, Neiman Marcus, or Saks Fifth Avenue.In my opinion stay as far away from this dishwasher as possible! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:46:56	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
80440711	This dishwasher has no water pressure to it.  Make sure there is absolutely no grease what-so-ever on ANY of the dishes in there because it will be on all of your dishes.  Also make sure there is not the least bit of food on any of your dishes or utensils because it will not remove it, even it if is a microscopic!  I tried different types of detergents/tabs as was suggested and none of it worked.  I even tried doing half a load instead of a full load and still the same result.  Then only after a year it started not wanting to shoot out the water. This dishwasher was not even used heavily. Normally it was used about every two days.You would be better to put out a little more money and buy something what works better then this.  Buy something that will last you years.  Because you will end up hand washing your dishes as I did even after they went through the dish washer! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:46:56	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35469959	This item arived quickly, it was fairly simple to set up. But be carefull to tighten all hose connections even the ones that are pre conected to the faucet adapter they are not shipped tightened. Nice look a little noisy but its what you would expect from a compact. seems solid and does a good job of washing my dishes. My only complaint is my lack of confidence in the quality of the hook up hoses they seem a little light duty. I just make sure not to leave them preasured up after use. otherwise a nice overall unit. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:46:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48820540	After extensive research, including Consumer Reports evaluations, we purchased this KITCHENAID KUDE60FXss dishwasher from a local vendor in June 2012.  We paid over $1100 and due to the extensive electronics and high cost of this unit, purchased the additional 2 year service contract (apparently a necessity with THIS model!)PROS:Clean dishesVERY QUIET when operatingVast selection of cycles available (including high temp and sani-rinse)Third tier shelf ideal for small items (cake decorating tips, baby bottle/cup pieces)Multiple folding tines to allow flexibility in placement of dishes, glasses, bowls, etcDries dishes and plastic goods completely, without spots (except for residual water in curved lips of plastics)Repair service good (except for multiple appointments required to order, then return to install parts)CONS:Long cyclesReduced height of lower and upper basket/shelves due to third tier shelfVERY UNRELIABLE due to multiple MAJOR REPAIRS within 11 month periodUtensil basket has individual holes that will not accommodate the size of our flatwareDo not like the control panel to be hidden (located on top  edge of door)SIX MONTHS after installation, the dishwasher failed to operate after filling.  Unbeknownst to us, it had been leaking for several cycles; with water accumulating in our basement and underneath of the dishwasher.  Apparently it would not advance cycles due to a low water sensor reading within the unit (a GOOD safety feature, however a water leak sensor would have been even more beneficial).  The low water situation was caused by the hose becoming disconnected from the pump, thereby sending water under the unit itself, then slowly seeping down through the floors, walls, and into the basement.  (Since water was never visible to us on the kitchen level, we had no idea the unit was leaking...  until the repairman suggested we check our basement for water damage.)An appliance repairman arrived about one week after we noticed our unit was not functional.  Upon assessment, MULTIPLE problems codes were detected.  Basically ALL MAJOR COMPONENTS within the unit had to be replaced (pump, motor, electronics); total cost about $800 (although covered by warranty).  Unfortunately, this required about four separate visits to our home to accommodate order of parts, installation, detection of another problem (control board), reorder of part, and subsequent installation.  Total time without dishwasher - about ONE MONTH.  (OF NOTE:  One week after completion of service, we received a RECALL NOTICE indicating a faulty brace band connection that should have secured the hose to the pump.  Yes... we were already aware of the problem!)NOW, 11 MONTHS AFTER PURCHASE, we have encountered yet another malfunction of this unit.  The dishwasher will not run; refusing to fill/advance cycles. After making the cycle selections and pressing START, the blue cycle control lights and front indicator light FLASH - a continual BEEPING is heard - and nothing else happens!  The repairman is on his way again today to assess the situation.  (Could it again be the water pump... motor... control panel?  There's no water in the basement, thank goodness.  I guess we'll soon find out where we stand.)  If it's a major repair, I'd like to send this unit back to KITCHENAID and select a dishwasher with a FRONT CONTROL PANEL (rather than top) and perhaps even a downgraded unit with less electronics/features to go awry.A HIGH END dishwasher of this caliber SHOULD NOT have this many problems within the first year!  I'm very concerned about the prospective repairs as this unit ages.Based on my one year experience, I would NOT recommend the KITCHENAID KUDE60FXss due to it's service/repair history. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:50:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46398591	1. The purchase process and delivery was flawless. Very pleased with the process.2. Installation went well.3. This dishwasher is even quieter than I expected from the reviews.4. So far it cleans very well. I am still trying the different settings to see which works well for which conditions.5. I love the adjustable upper rack, but still getting familiar with the door silverware basket and how to load it with our normal use dishes, but that is true with any new appliance.6. I would purchase this machine again from the same retailer. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:50:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61930516	Pros:Very flexible racks with large spaces, can be filled in many ways/fit more plates, pots, pans than a BoschNo prerinsing (we use very hot water and finish tabs - don't complain about a dishwasher if you aren't using good detergent!)Very quietStainless is attractive, buttons aren't exposed for kids to play withLED indicator light tells you if it is cleaning, drying, or doneCons:We removed the grids over the utensil baskets... Didn't see the point, who wants to load each utensil into a hole?We removed the third rack (also for utensils); we would not be able to accomodate our tall drinking glasses with it in place.I've put crusty burnt Mac n' cheese and lasagna pans in and they come out spotless.  We run it daily and are now using much less water than when we had to prerinse or hand wash items. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:50:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37733203	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, WhiteAWESOME is the word for this dishwasher.  As the saying goes, I'm a happy camper!  No negatives in this review!  I am most pleased, to say the least.  VERY quiet operation ... barely know it's running.  Does an excellent job of cleaning the dishes, and the dishes are dry in a matter of minutes, after the dishwashing cycle has ended.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase the SPT Countertop Dishwasher, again, and I definitely wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.  Without a doubt, it's a keeper!!Marcia  :o) 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:50:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35028310	I live in a really old apartment that didn't come with a dishwasher. I really hate washing dishes by hand and this countertop definitely does the job. It was bigger than I expected, but I have a lot of counter space so it wasn't really a problem. The instructions for temporary installment weren't completely clear- which is why I gave it 4 stars- so it took me a minute to connect it right. It's really easy to use one it's hooked up, and there are never any problems with leaking or anything. I've only used it a handful of times so far, but all my dishes come out nice and clean and I just pull out the rack and let them air dry for a little bit once it's done. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:50:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67292843	I have had this dishwasher for two years and it has been the most unreliable washer I have owned.  The electronics, especially the leak detector, are an endless problem.  This is my first and last Electrolux product. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:52:05	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
60916501	I can't even tell you how much I love this dishwasher.  It probably saved my relationship, especially after our first daughter was born and we just couldn't stay on top of the dirty dishes and bottles.  It's the perfect size for my family of 2.5.  The sink attachment is so easy to use and it has a button so you can still use the water while its running (just make sure its not when it's draining the dirty water out!).  Dishes come out nice and clean.  It's a little noisy but not loud enough to wake the baby.  We can agree (which doesn't happen often) that this is one of the best purchases we've made in awhile. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:52:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45970316	READ THIS BEFORE YOU BUY!!!!  I loved this dishwasher for nearly 3 years and then not! Powder coated Interior racks and tine rows rust.  Racks are covered under 5 year warranty but tine racks are not and dishwasher functions at only 50%capacity without them!!! You must purchase replacement tine rows at a cost of over $200 for all needed!  Also, reassembly is difficult and time consuming!  It is unconscionable to make and sell a dishwasher with interior parts that rust and not replace them!  Kitchen has lost a once loyal customer . 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:52:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
76580219	I would like to fully agree with the previous reviewer about the problems this dishwasher has. We bought this product Feb 28, 2010. And it was installed three days later. It is a beautiful, sleek and modern dishwasher that really brought our kitchen up to date. Plus, it was very quiet, which is a plus because with our old dishwasher you couldn't hear the television if it was on. That all ended approximately two weeks after purchase. It began making loud grinding noises. It was still quieter than our old dishwasher but not by much. A service technician came very quickly but said he found nothing wrong with the dishwasher. Fast forward to today when I go into the kitchen and there is water all over the floor. I called for service and someone will be here 4/20/10. Now despite the grinding noise and the water on the floor it actually cleans the dishes very well. Surprisingly. But I am very upset because this dishwasher is brand new and we have had these problems. I would recommend that people who are researching dishwashers to stay far away from this one. Looks are very deceiving.UPDATE: A service technician came and replaced a part that was defective in it, think is was the motor, in April 2010. Since then I have had no problems with the machine and it has cleaned my dishes very well. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:52:05	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23946823	Having moved,needing a dishwasher I purchased the Danby. Arrived quickly, and it runs as it is suppose to. No problems, love the machine. This is the second unit I purchase. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:52:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34460093	I absolutely love my new countertop dishwasher. It arrived quickly and was well packaged. Set up was fairly easy. It was a lot bigger than I was expecting,  and it definitely takes up quite a bit of space in my small kitchen.  But after I l've used it a dozen times it's well worth the space!  It cleans the dishes really well! I always rinse them first though. And it's not very loud, only when it's draining do you notice it. One con would be that the wash cycles do take about 45 minutes to complete. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:53:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
67382537	Seems to function well, teflon coated interior stays clean, but, the control are in front not at the top  of the door facing up and they aren't illuminated. It's necessary to bend way down or kneel down to see the painted on lettering for the various cycles. Very POOR design.I would NOT recommend or buy this model again. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:53:56	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
20684142	This is not the great dishwasher I expected.  It is extremely quiet, and I do find that I can fit quite a few more plates and bowls in the lower rack, since the silverware racks are not taking up that space.  I do like the controls on the front, though I miss having a count-down timer that tells me how much time is left in the cycle.On the downside, silverware placed into the utensil rack on the top rack does not get clean.  We have to put it all in the lower rack.  I don't feel the dishes get as clean in general as with our old dishwasher, even if they are rinsed before placing them in.  We have used Finish tabs with the power ball for years, but find they don't dispense correctly in this dishwasher.  We found the partially dissolved powder streaked down the door at the end of the cycle, and dirty dishes.  The much more expensive gel pack detergent seems to work better.My biggest gripe is that the door will not stay closed.  I have to press firmly and hold it shut while I hit the start button, and even then, it often pops back open, interrupting the cycle.  This seems to be due to the trim pieces.  I am ready to remove them entirely, though my husband seems to think they protect the surrounding cabinets.Overall, would not recommend this model to a friend. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:53:56	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59457090	Using it an off grid cabin.  the beeping is a bit annoying just because of the frequency.  it also defaults to a full wash.  I wish it defaulted to the last wash cycle that you ran.  I haven't timed it but I think the manual says the light wash is 45 mins but it always takes far longer then that.When I think of the price and what it does you really can't go wrong.  Love the fact that it has stainless inside; it says really clean.  I will end up hard wiring the water supply and the drain. but it does work really well and gets the dishes clean. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:53:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35236401	I bought this for disabled friends.  they love it. it is quiet and gets the dishes really clean. no problems setting up at all 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:53:56	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44733124	All the power of a full-size, hard wired dishwasher, with the convenience of a portable (a necessity for me in NYC).  Very pleased. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:56:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50745527	In my opinion, dishwashers are a sterilizer. Therefore I scrub all the gunk off of my dishes before I put them in the dishwasher. That's always how I've done my dishes and when I did it that way they always came out sparkling clean. Easy to use and great instruction manual too. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:56:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34409623	It never even occurred to me that a dishwasher wouldn't wash dishes.  I had to have my first Samsung replaced because it didn't rinse the upper rack.  This one requires you to wash the dishes thoroughly before putting them in the dishwasher (so what good is that?)  The glasses come out with a film on them no matter what detergent I use.  Forget about putting dishes that might have any grease, oil or food remnants on it, they will go through the cycle and come out looking almost exactly like how there were put in.  I'm replacing this dishwasher even though I've only had it 1 1/2 year. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:56:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47669121	We purchased a KitchenAid model kude20ixbl dishwasher in March, 2011 and have nothing but problems.  The racks have broken 4 times, LEDs on the operator panel glow when they are not supposed to, and tonight the washer quit completely, but not before emitting a string of beeps, almost as if it were laughing at us.  Make no mistake, KitchenAid is not what they once were prior to being bought out by Whirlpool.  Wish I could suggest a better alternative, but frankly the state of the appliance industry in this country given all the mergers, almost guarantees that no matter what you buy chances are you will be disappointed. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:56:09	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48776936	It does a lousy job of cleaning.  You have to run it on the heavy duty cycle to get dishes clean.  We called Kitchen aide after 9 months because stopped working, computer board went Bad.  Kitchen aid refused to honor the warranty becasue it was installed in a business.  REally bad dishwasher combined with aweful customer service from Kitchen aid.  DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:56:09	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40246560	This unit shares a lot in common with our old dishwasher, but so far so good. My wife really likes how quite it is. It also seems to do a great job cleaning dishes, no need to rewash anything.  When the holidays come, we'll try some other cleaning cycles, but for now just light wash works great! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:58:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59455182	Great bang for your buck. I would say it is a little loud. It does not include any insulation on the body. Adding sound insulation will drastically reduce noise. The capacity is also slightly less than I expected but not so much that it is a real problem. The wash quality is definitely superior to my old model (from the 80s). I like that it has a guide tube so you are less likely to block the spray head that pops up from below. This unit also seems to leave the dishes on the top shelf pretty wet. The unit does not include water-in hookups, only waste water out hookups are included. Another thing to note is that the unit is very light, maybe ~30 pounds, so it is easy to maneuver into position which is good because the delivery service provided for this unit only gets it to the front of your house, Overall I am very happy to have this machine and do not regret the purchase. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:58:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25377088	Installed myself. You will need a strain relief and power cord, and possibly an adapter to connect to your garbage disposal or pipe. The drain hose supplied fits up to 3/4. I needed 1. A $5 dishwasher drain hose adapter and a $1 3/4 galvanized steel pipe nipple solved that problem.This thing is unbelievably quiet compared to our 8 year old previous 'quiet' model. You can easily carry on a conversation next to it. We have an open kitchen / living area that used to require turning up the television volume when the previous dishwasher ran...No More!Dishes come out very clean. As others have said elsewhere, I think the Finish Quantum Powerball (sample provided) or another highly rated CR brand will make a huge difference in your results too.The passive drying works extremely well. We will only have a few drops of water left on plastic.I have seen the Sanitize light come on. It means that very specific conditions (time, etc as specified by the NSF) were achieved during the wash and dry. Note that the Sanitize light won't come on until the Drying cycle is complete, which is well after the Cycle countdown has reached '0'. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:58:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18416740	purchased this item money was taken from my account everyday for a week i would receive the the same thing of it being shipped would tell them every day to ship it but they wouldnt never did get the product, 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:58:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44669574	We recently moved to a rent house built in the 1950s that had no dishwasher. Now, hand-washing dishes is a chore I absolutely loathe, and with a new baby, I HAD to get a dishwasher. We had an 18 space between the fridge and stove and we found this little gem that fit perfectly. Plus, it gives us some extra counter space in our postage stamp-sized kitchen! This thing really works like a dream. My dishes come out spotless every time. It even has an extra spray arm below the top rack--a feature many full-size, built-in dishwashers don't have!Here are a few tips for use:1.) Keep your manual. The icons on the control panel are not very intuitive, so you will need the manual to know what they mean.2.) It isn't in the manual that you have to connect a little metal piece to the sink in order to connect the hose to the faucet. We tried to figure out how to hook this thing up for 30 minutes before figuring out that the metal piece was supposed to replace the aerator on the tip of the faucet. That's where the hose hooks up.3.) Always make sure the cycle is finished before unhooking the hose from the faucet. This might seem like a no-brainer, but once I thought the cycle was done and unplugged the hose before the water had drained out of the machine and it drained all over my kitchen floor instead of in the sink.The only complaint I have is that the racks are not very well designed. I feel like I could fit more dishes in if they were spaced better, etc. But, really a small flaw for such a brilliant little machine. This was a great purchase! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:58:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65837789	I wrote the below review on day one after I ran the machine a couple of times. I was not quite disappointed just yet, hoping that I can give it a few more tries to make it work because I don't want to return it. So I gave it a 2** review.I changed my mind today, which is after a couple of weeks. Why a couple of weeks after? Because I had to wash all the dishes after they came out of the machines everytime. So I only have time to try different ways in weekends. This machine is a waste of time, water, and power. It does not leak though.I tried to wash with more detergent, less detergent, with and without rinse aid, different cycles, etc..I even soaked the dishes in the sink is scrubbed them with a sponge. I was even thinking if this thing only works for rinsing, I'll be ok.. Still leave a slimey texture and some residues.. That's it. I am done trying.. I gave up..I bought this machine because I saw so many good reviews but I'm very disappointed now.++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++Posted on May 19, 20121. Did not fit my faucet so I had to buy an adapter from home depot.2. The heavy soiled cycle is not really doing its job.3. leaves residues 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:59:36	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
91057521	This was the exact part I needed to fix my Dishwasher. Fast shipping!  Be sure to use the included replacement jumper wires for a correct install. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:59:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80639980	I have a LG dishwasher, LDF9810ST, whose pump and motor have both failed. The appliance is less than 2  years old, yet of course it is out of warranty. Unfortunately, I made my purchase decision based on LG's great PR program getting placed in home design magazines rather than looking at owners' reviews of their LG dishwashers and appliances. I've found my experience is not uncommon just based on quick Google searches and product reviews. What makes my dishwasher's problem all the more appalling is that the dishwasher is in a part-time, weekend home -- i.e. My dishwasher is barely used. The fact it's been used less than 50-75 times, and is broken is unacceptable. I would not buy LG again. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:59:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58066288	At the price I paid for this dishwasher, I would have expected a top notch performer.  I most decidedly did not!The various setting, i.e. Auto, Normal, Half are very confusing and seem arbitrary.  The Half setting takes longer to complete then the Normal, and Normal takes longer then Auto.If you have 40 or more plates in various sizes this is a great dishwasher, anything else not so much.  The bottom rack is well designed for plates mostly, but don't try to put glasses in it.  The top rack is very poorly designed, and only a handful of glasses will fit.  And a whole bunch of more plates, small ones this time.If you like unloading the dishwasher with as dish towel in your hand, because this machine dries poorly, this dishwasher is for you.  My 20 year old Maytag that I replaced with this one dried everything better.  Never a wet plate of glass. The dishes came out dry in that one, not so in this one.If I could I would return this machine and get something else. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:59:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
58478659	Received the item with a small dent on top which I thought nothing of, shouldn't affect the performance I thought.  But when I plug everything in, the machine just makes a whirring noise, no water spraying, no movement of the dial.  After 15 optimistic minutes, I gave up.  Returning back for exchange.  Crossing my fingers for the next box. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 03:59:36	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
89444128	It has some great ideas - large tub, upper rack that moves, steam is recycled and not blown into kitchen, energy saving upper / lower rack washes - but does not do the job.  It does not wash my dishes well even if rinced, even on the strongest setting.  Disappointing.  Also, the main board and the display board had to be replaced within the first four months.  Not worth the money. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:01:57	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	rinsed*	false
38788923	Been using this for 2 weeks now, once or twice a day. Easy to use, easy to connect, love the quick release. Most of the time I just load it right before bed and wake up to a clean kitchen. Get the all in one detergent packs for added simplicity. you do have to be a little creative loading full size dishes but as we only own 3 it is not much of a problem. In love with this machine. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:01:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21518360	I do not own the kitchenaid unit that was poorly performing in the report of Dec 2010 but I have to ask how would a unit get such a strong recommendation from Consumers Report of so many dishwashers that were reviewed??  I also recognize that Kitchenaid did not get a very good realiability rating but I would classify this report until the lemon category of general reports. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:01:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51542540	We bought the LG LDF7932ST steam dishwasher at Best Buy.  To be fair it did a great job on the dishes.  It is a little more awkward to load than other dishwashers I have used, but, the dishes came out clean, it was quiet, it looks nice, and I didn't have to wash them myself.At a few months shy of the two year mark we started with the difficulties.  When the HE symbol (heating element) came on we went to our manual, and it said to call LG at the given number. They wanted all your information and needed a faxed copy of your receipt.  Fortunately, because we bought it at Best Buy, they stepped up and even faxed the information to them for us.  Still they make you wait a few days, then you call to check up....and they say a few more days.  We asked to speak to a supervisor, they REFUSED to let us speak to a supervisor.  Only one man seems to answer the phone....is it possible that LG repairs are so difficult because they have only one bored employee :) .  Any way, not being willing to go weeks without a dishwasher, I said lets just call a repair man, they fix it and were done.  Oops, did you ever hear that not a lot of repair places will work on LG appliances (parts are hard to get).  When we did find one we were told that they would probably have to order the parts special...I'm not looking forward to paying this bill.  For me, if I could go back in time, I would have bought a different brand, with proven customer service.  When I bought it the reviews were great....now that everyone has owned it for 2 years...not so good. I have an LG Washer, LG dryer, LG refrigerator...I thought the brand was wonderful, but, I never needed help before.  I will rethink my opinion of LG after this. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:01:57	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
22418561	I bought this product almost three years ago at a price of $179 (about $100 less than the next most expensive model) because I lacked the time or patience to do dishes in my college dormitory's communal kitchen but needed to eat and caffeinate into the wee hours of the morning. It was one of the best purchases I have ever made.There are several features of this product that are outstanding. I will name a few:1. It plugs into your kitchen sink, so it really is portable. I have brought this gadget with me to two apartments in two states, besides its original dormitory. It has worked great in each place.2. Like Bacardi and Cola, it gets the job done. Just make sure you use a good detergent and realize that the only difference between the three modes of operation seems to be the length of the wash and number of rinses, so you might as well go for pots and pans if you're interested in cleanliness.3.It has a reusable, cleanable filter to remove food debris, brilliantly consisting of a removable covering of heavy-gauge metal mesh over the inlet to the sprayer-arm/water heater. At first I was skeptical, but it works. Many modern dishwashers have this, but most require you to occasionally change a filter. This little Chinese wonder does as good a job at this as my parent's Miele at 1/10 the price and without the need to ever buy new filters. You do occasionally need to wipe the filter clean with a paper towel or the dishes start to smell funky, but that's a minor inconvenience.Will definitely buy Haier products again in the future. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:01:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28608860	It cleans the dishes well and doesn't leak.When it arrived, there was a small dent on the side.  Not a big deal.  After nine months, the wheel broke off -- it's a cheap plastic snap-together wheel.  We snap it back together and now it comes apart every time we wheel it over to the sink to use.  We only use the device once or twice a week -- it's not like we were rolling it around every day for nine months.  The warranty covers mechanical parts, and I'm not sure if they'll cover the wheel.  I'll update this if they do.  Very disappointing.  And yes, the connecting hoses are cheap.  If it weren't for the broken wheel, I'd give it four stars. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:05:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28418641	It's been three glorious weeks of not manually washing dishes. Three weeks of no leaks. Three weeks of patting this quiet machine as I walk by. I had no idea how much of my time had been consumed by hand-washing dishes. NEVER AGAIN I SAY.Just order it. It's such a great price for the performance. Perfect for a singleton like me. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:05:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40778610	The 90 plastic fitting on one of the hoses that goes into the back of the dishwasher broke.  Does anyone know where I can get a set of replacement hoses?? 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:05:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23609858	I've joked since getting this dishwasher a year and a half ago that if our house was on fire, the first thing I'd make sure is the kids were outside. Next, the dog. Next, the dishwasher.This thing is amazingly quiet. I still rarely can tell when it's on, except for the tiny red light that glows on the floor under the side of the dishwasher (which I guess is there to tell you it's on because it's so quiet!)It's stainless steel inside and out. After a year and a half it's still gleaming inside and the exterior is in great shape. There are many programming options, including the option to program the washer to start anywhere from 1 to 12 hours into the future. The buttons for this are on the top of the dishwasher, so when it's closed you don't see them at all.You have the ability to change the top drawer's height, to allow for taller items on the top or bottom shelf. Also, some of the section spacer things can be adjusted to an angle, or laid down flat, giving you a lot of options for what to put where.On occasion for maintenance, I've cleaned the little drain parts inside. They pull out easily, wash easily, reinstall easily.My only worry when getting this dishwasher was that it didn't have a disposal built in like our last one did. We were told at the store that basically this one was so powerful it would smash food bits to just about nothing. Still, when putting dishes inside I do rinse off ones that I think may cause a problem. But most dishes I don't rinse at all, and I know bigger foodie bits do get missed sometimes, as there are 6 of us that help fill the dishwasher. To date, everything we've put in it has come out sparkling clean, every time. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:05:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81468870	I never had a problem with Amazon in dealing with the issues I had with this dishwasher.  The dishwasher on heated dry does not really work properly.  The silverware and even thin glass cups never get dry.  I had two technicians over in a two week period to fix the dishwasher, while dealing with whirlpool/Amana their customer service is so un-organized that I had to explain everything in detail all 23 times on the phone with them.  They had stated I was never reachable, and that amazon had never called to setup a replacement or return.  However, my phone is attached to me like a limb, and on two occasions I was on the phone with amazon while they contacted Amana.  If you get a good dishwasher that is not defective you might not have problems, but if you get one as I did then you will go through the same run around with Amana.  Good luck with that! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:05:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
19520011	Love this machine! LOVE IT. I have been 5 years without a dishwasher and this little thing is perfect for me and my husband.There are issues. If you don't have a well you'll have no clue why there's a salt reservoir, and with the crappy manual you'll have to read the reviews that tell you that the white topped, clear middle, screw off cap on the left is where you put salt into the bottom pan. Then you'll have to learn that the salt you need is only sold in 40 lb bags (minimum) at Home Depot which isn't a big deal if you are like me and have a well and buy that stuff all the time. For those who are curious look at the user uploaded pictures, I've got a bag of pellet salt that you'll need and my brine tank that needs to be cleaned. X(EDIT: As of today I have filled the brine tank of the dishwasher to the top and the salt light is off!As for cleaning, it works, it has a stainless steel interior which will keep it from stinking after a few years of hard labor. Bad side: it takes 3 hours to clean however you can pause the wash and throw something in and let it go again. To pause, just press the start button on the right, the wash will stop and you can open the door. To start again just press the start button, there will be a 5-7 sec lag, don't be worried. :)Of note: the top washer arm isn't meant for hard cleaning so don't put a nasty pot up there or it'll need another go, or you could bite the bullet and clean it yourself you pampered snooty pants.If you're single or it's just you and your partner this is the right machine for you. It can handle a small party for dishes or a good large meal of pots. But if you have 5 kids and a lazy husband who can't rinse out a cup you're going to need a built in washer.Edit: Another issue. There is a shallow dip in the soap dispenser cap for pre-cleaning. I have found that the globules of soap land on my dishes and don't wash off well. It leave a white residue after the wash is over. It's easy to remove since it's only soap but now I put pre-wash soap on the lower part of the door. I'm not sure if that decreases the effectiveness of the pre-wash but it solved the white stain problem.Edit: I was having an issue with a screeching noise at the beginning of the wash cycle. I thought it was an internal component, a belt or some such. I found later that my lower washer arm is a little loose. Once I detached and re-attached the lower washer arm the noise ceased. It still cleans wonderfully and I have yet to clean the washer arms, but I am very careful to never put dishes in the washer that have large chunks of debris on them. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:06:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90505105	Yes, it is quiet., and seems to be energy efficient, but the dishes are not dry after the cycle is through.  I'm not talking about a little water here.... it's as if you interrupted the operation in mid-cycle and opened to dripping, sopping wet, puddled water, dishes. Had a repair person out three times, and they insisit that this is the way it's supposed to be and is due to the new energy-star efficiency. They recommend adding 'jet-dry' and opening the door to let them air-dry for a couple of hours. (This I can not do in my tiny kitchen, because an open door blocks the way past).I have left the dishes for several days too (with the door closed), and they are just as wet as can be (a testament to the good seal, but not a help to my problem).  I went online and found many similar complaints. I will try to return this. Wish me luck! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:06:36	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59678806	We've been using this dishwasher regularly for about 3 months now, so I can't comment on its longevity. However, so far, we're very impressed. This model is extremely quiet and gets dishes very clean with minimal pre-rinsing. I've seen reviews of other Bosch models that complain about the dishes not being dry when they're finished, but we haven't had that issue at all. Just follow the instructions and use some JetDry, and you won't have problems.So far, a quality product. We'd definitely buy it again. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:06:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62857986	I bought this dishwasher based primarily on good experiences with Bosch woodworking tools but it has been disappointing.  There are good qualities:  It is quiet.  The cup shelf securely holds cups and wine glasses in place as does the glasses shelf.  There is more than enough room for plates in the bottom rack.On the other hand, the top rack is poorly designed to hold enough drinking glasses, cereal bowls and other common small items. The bottom rack is designed to hold more than the average washing of saucers with narrowly spaced supports which usually results in wasted space.  When using the silverware baskets you can use the individual supports for knives, etc. or not.  It's all or nothing.  It would be better to have the supports in each basket able to be used half for individual items and half for bulk.This dishwasher does not adequately dry the dishes after they are washed. Count on drying the tops of glasses and other items with a dishtowel every time unless you leave them in the machine overnight.If you want to add items during a dishwasher cycle you must turn off the machine and wait a little bit before opening the door.  Otherwise hot water is sprayed out onto the floor.The dishwasher door is difficult to open.  This may seem like a small thing but I find myself leaving the sink and counters lined with dirty dishes because I don't want to deal with that door.I wish I had my money and my old Maytag back. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:06:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55426201	Only complaint is a very small one.  The black metal (kick plate) at the bottom is only held on by two black screws and one must be stripped because it pulls out a little and then the door catch's on it when you open it and it bends and starts to pull out further. A slightly better fastener system needs to be put in place to avoid this annoyance. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:06:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
45170428	My 9-year old Frigidaire dishwasher spontaneously began to run on its own, and the circuit board started to smoke. Display went dark, and had to turn off breaker to stop it. Upon opening it, I found lots of melted wites, melted plastic, burn and smoke marks. Strangely enough, the circuit board says Spitfite on it. I liked it until it caught fire. Good thing I was home when it happened. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:08:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77331172	I live in a large one bedroom Co op apt, but my kitchen is really small I swear..I just recently purchased this portable dishwasher, because I'm so tired of doing dishes by hand and so is my fiance haha..Any way, this baby washes dishes soooooo good..I don't get the comment someone posted about their soup tasting like dish soap after using this machine..Hmm I guess with anything you use with soap on a pot or pan..Juts rinse it out for a few seconds before using it..Just in case there is a little residue left behind...One thing to remember is to use two cascade lil tablets instead of one..I found out when I only used one it didn't clean my dishes all that well, but since I used two..My dishes came out looking the bomb...So Go For It..You Won't Be Sorry!!! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:08:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51076760	For such an expensive dishwasher it is horrible.  It does not clean well.  You need to basically wash the dishes before putting them in the washer.  The drawer tracks have a piece that breaks very easily and costs about $75 to replace each time.  I thought the brand Kitchenaid would be of higher quality and at the very least clean the dishes.  The 10 year old dishwasher I had before this one worked better.  If I could give it zero stars I would. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:08:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40291090	After spending 6 months hating my new Samsung I had bought, I replaced it with this Maytag, it's an enormous improvement! This dishwasher does it's job! My dishes are clean and dry! The features I love on this, the buttons are on top of the door, we had horrible problems 'butt dialing' the old machines buttons on the front panel.  Nice clean simple design, no control panel to stare at.  It has heated drying which DRYS! Old machine had a fan, I always had to dry the dishes with a towel before putting them up, fan dry just does not work especially for plastic. This thing CLEANS, wow! I hand washed dishes with the old machine knowing there was no way it would get the dishes clean and the old one ran for hours, I cook a lot so I don't want to wait for clean dishes or have to take them out of the machine and hand wash them. This one puts the cycle in pause automatically when you open the door, old one you had to pause it before opening, that's just silly. If you open it mid cycle HELLO? you're putting more dishes in so just auto pause it like this machine does. Very happy with this machine so far! It has a gasket all the way around the outside and fits very snug into the cabinet, appears to be a quality built machine! Came with the hardware (it's specialized so don't think you can do without it) and installed in about an hour. I'm a happy wife and the hubby is glad not to be hearing I HATE this dishwasher everyday like he was w/the Samsung! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:08:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65593818	Bought 6 months ago at a Sears outlet in The Woodlands, Texas.First Installers dented the door.  Sears had to order a new oneSecond team couldn't install it .  Didn't know how to make square dish washer fit in square hole.Third guy got it in, but,...Rear bracket was bent by installation or at factory, resulting in spot welds  pulling through the stainless steel tub, causing it to leak for six months.Found out because my custom wood cabinets are starting to swell and blister.Located the leak and called to ask for a new one to be shipped.Told they are sending a tech to #34;fix#34; it, which means 3 extra days before they will order me a new one.Very quiet but what good is that if it is defective and leaks, ruining your cabinets?Paid almost $1000 for a nightmare from SEARS.Not happy.  Long time Kenmore and Craftsman customer who finally realizes that quality, like Mr. Sears and Mr. Roebuck, is dead at Sears. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:08:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
81861009	I bought this dishwasher spring 2009 and it has been repaired at least 5 times. First I started having problems with it cleaning the top rack dishes which was because of the spray arm not working. This problem was fixed twice. Then the dishes never did clean very well I always had to use the heavy cycle which took about 3 hours to run. My stainless steel pans come out of the dishwasher darker so I stopped putting them in the dishwasher. You must rinse the dishes well because any food will not leave the dishwasher drain and will cause it to smell. Also it is very easy to have the bottom rack roll right out of the dishwasher onto the floor. Now I have the 01 error problem which is a leak and I refuse to keep this dishwasher. Electrolux has offered me a rebate for a new one. The only problem is I don't want this dishwasher again. The repairs are all free but imagine the time to take off work meet the repairman who then calls electrolux to order a part and then he comes back again after he receives the part. When it is finally fixed I've washed dishes by hand for a month or two. Yes the dishwasher is quiet but I'd rather have a dishwasher that cleans dishes and actually works longer then it's waiting to be repaired. Don't ask about my refrigerator. I will never purchase an electrolux again! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:10:57	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27059154	After attempting to research dishwashers to replace our broken one - I was more confused than ever, if that is even possible!  Each web site contradicted the previous one.  I realized that most happy people do not bother to write reviews, so thought I would write to share our happy review of this one.I would describe our decision process as a crap shoot.  We did not want to spend $900 on a dishwasher, but did not want a piece of junk either.  Don't get me wrong, I would love to have one of those elegant designer dishwashers, but not at the cost of my first born. (maybe I should reconsider that - ha ha).  Anyway, based on a Consumer Reports rating, we were looking at a few dishwashers, Whirlpool Gold being one of them.  This is not the exact model they were rating (not avail at our location), but close enough for us. Over all, we felt this was a safe bet because our last dishwasher was a Whirlpool and it lasted 17 years before it finally bit it and went to dishwasher heaven.  This one was in stock at our local home store and we could install right away. Others we would have to order and wait 7-28 days depending on machine.One of our requirements was that the machine was quiet.  This one is advertised at 55 db.  I can safely tell you, as I sit 5 feet from the running machine, that it is pretty quiet!  I can hear it but it is a low hum.  Not completely silent, but very quiet.  Absolutely acceptable in our open living area.It seems to clean very very well.  It was 4 days between the old one breaking and the new installation and those dishes were ick.  Dried on egg, cheese, and cake mix among other things.  They came out beautifully.  I could not ask for better in the cleaning department. I do not rinse the dishes before they get washed, just scrape off the scraps and throw them in, they were pretty dirty.Installation went pretty well, took a couple of hours to get out the old and have the new completely hooked up.Overall, we are happy with this machine so far. Clean dishes and pretty quiet, our 2 big requirements.If anything pops up, I will update. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:10:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66749760	My Head Is Killing Me. The High Pitch Noise Has Given Me A Terrible Headache, And Is Present Throughout The Entire Cycle. How Is It That Only One Other Person Has Commented About This? I'm Pretty Sure This Will Be The Only Review I Will Have About This Dishwasher Unless Whatever Is Causing The Noise Can Be Fixed. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:10:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
19834863	I wish I had done my homework but our old washer broke and they had this one in stock so I got it installed. About $500 later, that first month, it was finally running without that drain light coming on... Now, it's been a full year and the thing is still faulty!!! I don't know what to do - wrote to the company but they are very slow in sending their own repairmen service. To be fair, I am not close to them geographically so I am stuck. There is standing water in my dishwasher.  After we run the wash load, our dishes smell like dead fish!  :-(  This was the most expensive brand! We thought this was going to prevent the need for service calls. Big mistake. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:10:57	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
10037672	I bought this at Best Buy 2 years ago. (It came with both the products I mentioned bellow.) Today I looked up the model to see what others are saying and was in shock at all the negative reviews that this dishwasher had. I've found that when we switched to a different dishwasher detergent or stopped using the rinse aid, we got results that the other reviewers are talking about. You MUST use the Finish Powerball detergent and the Jet Dry Rinse Agent, to receive the BEST results from the dishwasher, especially the rinse aid. I've linked them bellow.Finish Powerball Tabs Dishwasher Detergent, Fresh Scent, 85-CountFinish Jet Dry Rinse Aid, Dishwasher Rinse Agent, 16 Ounce 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:10:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35549581	This dishwasher had immediate control panel problems that required 3 or 4 service visits over 6 months to fix.  Once that was fixed, it ran well, but the parts for it are VERY cheap.  We've had to replace parts on the upper rack twice and now all the wheels on the lower rack are popping off.  Due to my experience with this dishwasher and my Maytag fridge (which stopped working after 1 year), I steered clear of Whirlpool when I had to buy a new washer and dryer. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:12:36	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
91635527	The Bosch model SHE8PT55UC dishwasher was recently purchased to replace a SHU6805UC that was over 14 years old. The SHE8PT55UC was chosen because our experience with the SHU6805 was favorable, other than an initial issue with the door latch.The installation went well except that the instructions were confusing. On page 4 of the Installation Instructions manual has a #8216;Hot water supply line - 3/8#34;#8217; that is needed to install the dishwasher. Since the dishwasher is supplied with one, why is it needed? And, since the SHE8PT55UC dishwasher has a 3/4#34; FHT inlet connector why isn#8217;t a 3/8#34; compression adapter supplied. All available dishwasher hoses have a 3/8#34; compression fitting on both ends. There is nothing in the manual that specifies that the inlet fitting is a 3/4#34; FHT.There are inconsistencies in the Operating Instructions manual. On page 16 - Wash Cycle Information - the chart shows the times in minutes when the dishwasher shows the times in 'h. min.'. Why is the manual and the dishwasher different?When stepping through with the 'Normal' button, starting on page 13 - 19. The manual states that the display will indicate d:00. This is confusing since the dishwasher display starts at H:00. The order of the settings on the SHE8PT55UC dishwasher are as follows (when stepping with the 'Normal' button):H = Water Softening Settingsd = Intensive dryingr = Rinse Aid Settingb = Signal VolumeL = LanguageP = AutoPower OffC = SettingsThere is nothing in the manual that explains about the 'C = Settings' feature.On page 18 - the feature 'Auto Power Off' - 'P' Is not described very well. When 'P:00' is selected (default), it says that the #34;dishwasher does not turn off automatically#34;. That's true, however it's the only setting that the interior lights work. Settings 'P:01' and 'P:02' disable the interior lights. The interior lights are not illuminated if any of the power save settings are selected. When 'Auto Power Off' - 'P:00' is selected the displays and the interior lights will remain on indefinitely when the door is opened. If the On/Off button is activated (to Off) the displays will shut off and the interior lights will remain on up to an hour if the door is left opened (ajar).Pros:Compared to the SHU6805, the SHE8PT55UC is even quieter, cleans dishes better, optimizes better on the rinse aid usage. The separate flat ware utensil tray is convenient, the adjustable racks add flexibility and capacity. It has a modern attractive up-scale design that has received many compliments.Cons:The cycle time 'Auto' is much longer '2h:09 min.' compared to the SHU6805UC which was '96 min.' in the power scrub mode, a difference of 33 minutes.The 'Auto Power Off'' setting should be redesigned and it should work as follows: The default 'Auto Power Off' - 'P:00' setting should be reconfigured so that when the dishwasher#8217;s cycle is completed the displays will remain illuminated (on) indefinitely. When the door is opened the displays turn off and the interior lights illuminate indefinitely until the door is closed. If 'Auto Power Off' - 'P:01' setting is selected, the displays will remain illuminated (on) indefinitely until the door is opened. When the door is opened the displays turn off and the interior lights illuminate for up to an hour if the door is left opened (ajar). If 'Auto Power Off' - 'P:02' setting is selected, the displays will remain illuminated (on) up to an hour unless the door is opened. When the door is opened the interior lights illuminate for up to an hour if the door is left opened (ajar).The dishwasher should have an additional setting to allow for last wash cycle memory. 'Wash Cycle' - 'C:00' is proposed so that the dishwasher will always start in the 'Auto' wash cycle mode (default). If 'Wash Cycle' - 'C:01' setting is selected it will remember the last selected wash cycle mode.Most modern appliances including cars and trucks have a USB port to update the product#8217;s firmware if needed. The SHE8PT55UC dishwasher should be no exception.Bottom Line:The Bosch model SHE8PT55UC dishwasher is an excellent appliance. But because the interior light feature does not work in the power save mode, an expenditure of over 10% would be saved by purchasing the SHX7PT55UC instead.If Bosch had spent a little more time engineering and using the features of this model, they could have found and corrected its shortcomings. Some of the above issues could have been easily corrected through firmware service updates if it had an USB port. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:12:36	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55564501	This is a great little dishwasher.  My only negatives are: (1) the chime at the end of the cycle is too faint to hear if you are not right there.  I put a sticky note on the front with the time done on it, so I can shut off the power, unhook, and open the door (2) the rack  has a couple of fairly large openings on the bottom that will allow small items to fall through (think jar lids).  Neither negative really diminishes my love of this machine.  I solved the rack problem by putting another small rack I already had over it.  I took out the cup holder racks and that allows for taller glasses to be put there.  I also took off the silverware basket covers.  If you're wavering on whether or not to get this - do IT!  Wish I had gotten it sooner. I had no hook-up issues, it went flawlessly and continues to do so;  my dinner plates do need to be leaned; and I've only had one dried on cappuccino mug fail to come clean, and I don't stack the dishes according to published guidelines :)  There are 2 of us in this household, both retired. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:12:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83919646	The drawer rack is cheap and broke after about a years use. I would not recommend wasting your money on this item. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:12:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
53137523	I've had this washer for over 4 years.  It's still working, HOWEVER (and this is a big one) I've screamed at it lots of times, including today, but will still recommend it for those living in small apartments or studios.  There are some things you need to know and if you're not willing to troubleshoot or mess with it, it's really not for you.1) The wheels will fall off. They're horrible- don't even bother with them.  Go to a hardware store and buy a furniture mover/dolly and leave it on it at all times.  It will save your kitchen from flooding when a wheel actually decides to fall off.2) You might have trouble with the hose blowing off the sink-connector/adapter.  This will be due to one of two thing- the sink adapter gets worn out after a while or you're missing a rubber washer inside the hose.  Both of these things can be replaced.  I was able to find the parts from [...]  The sink adapter was $8 the rubber rings were 75 cents.  The hard part was trying to get the part numbers from Haier (sink adapter is #DW-5800-06, rubber ring is #WD-0015-01).  You can also reduce wear on the sink adapter by using a rubber band to keep it on tighter when you're running the dishwasher.3) When the instruction book says the dishwasher has to be level, they aren't kidding.  This will flood your apartment- even if it's only off by 1/8 inch.  I must have been lucky but after four-years, today was the first time it ever happened to me.  I thought the door was leaking, it was actually just a level problem.  If it happens, when you turn back on the dishwasher it will beep and flash at you.  To reset it, you have to tilt backwards 45 degrees until it's totally drained.  This will flood your apartment worse but will fix the problem.  Re-level the dishwasher and start it back up again and it will work.  Basically, if you live in an old apartment building, your floors probably aren't level so check it often, especially if you move the washer around at all.  You wouldn't believe how little it takes for it to flood.4) No, this dishwasher does not fit full sized dinner plates.  You can get away with putting one on each side (so the spinner doesn't hit them) but I think 9.5 plates are as big as you'll fit in here.I realize these sound horrible but it's only a handful of times that it goes wrong and so far (knock on wood) nothing has been bad enough that I haven't been able to fix it myself.  Plus, if you're anything like my old roommates, husband and me, having a dishwasher- even a little one- will save you tons of conflict and keep dirty dishes out of your sink and for me- it's worth it.  If you have a small apartment- it's the way to go- much better than the counter-top units.Hope that helps at least some of you! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:12:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88381873	Does not have bells and whistles, but for the price, it is fair. I find only one issue. Opening the door requires pulling hard the handle and since it is plastic and thin, the expectation is that someone eventually can break it. I bought the warrantee just in case. In addition it took 11 days from the time I ordered until it arrived home. The deliver timing was awful considering that shipping was paid and not included in Amazon prime. My contractors waited forever to install it. It arrived two days beyond the max scheduled time promised. The delivery was a joke. Several times the tracking record indicated #34;out for delivery#34; and I missed work to wait for a package that in the last hour was postponed.For these reasons and the overal experience of waiting I gave it three stars. Note that it works as expected and meets its purpose. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:13:57	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
8977035	we purchased a double drawer unit and had it for 10 years.  service was good when we needed it...only once. and we will be buying another one for our new home. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:13:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36531062	This little dishwasher is a little ass kicker. It does it's job, you just have to do yours, loading properly. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:13:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50306221	Unreliable dishwasher, stopped working after 6 months. Not up to my expectations. Seems LG appliances are manufactured with very low quality standards. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:13:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
32831094	I love my dishwasher! I've been washing the dishes for such a long time, I was desperate for a dishwasher. Luckily, my husband bought it for me as a gift this machine. We don't have a big space in our apartment so he bought this countertop dishwasher. He was a bit judgmental about it first, didn't trust the machine. So for the first 3 washes, he watched the machine carefully and didn't left it's side. But in the end, he realized it was ok and it wouldn't cause any flooding in the apartment. It looks small, but holds a lot of dishes. We used it everyday, it holds everything we use for breakfast and dinner. It cleans pretty good too. It doesn't make any noises or anything. I would def recommend it for every housewife in training. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:13:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35703525	Purchased this machine while renovating our tiny beach house.  I could fit no larger than this one.  I am totally delighted with the dishwasher.  It is sturdy, amazingly quiet and uses very little water which is important for a house with a septic system.Very happy with the machine and would recommend it to others.  The reviews were very helpful. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
30302908	I strongly reccommend this dishwasher.  I have a very small kitchen, and it takes up a fair amount of space, but the excellent job that it does on dishes makes it worthwhile.  (Of all household chores, I hate washing dishes the most!)  I washed some Pyrex dishes that had baked on stains, and this unit did a better job of cleaing them than I did by hand.  Also, it is very quiet.  I needed to get a male friend to come in and get it on the counter, as it was too heavy for me to pick it up--be prepared for that.  Otherwise, the installation was very easy--I did have to use pliers to tighten the connector  to the faucet, but other than that, everything could be tightened by hand.  I thought it was an excellent value for the price. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76231456	Within 3 months, it had burned out the switch, which we replaced and lasted for almost another month.  It continually threw the breaker from brand new.  It goes in the garbage; it's not worth fixing again.  This is a piece of JUNK and not worth $2, let alone what they charge. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:15:05	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
70231042	Without redoing my entire kitchen, this was my only option if I wanted a dishwasher.Pros - works well, more solid than I was led to believe from previous reviewers, once you figure out the non-existent instructions it is easy to operate, takes up only a small space on the countertop and can still place things on top of it. Cleans efficiently and well and have not had a problem in the few months I have had it operating it every other day or so.  It does not appear to use up much electricity.  I note I don't pay for my hot water so I cannot speak to that.Cons - Instructions are difficult as they do not all apply to this model.  I searched amazon for other instructions which I was able to apply to this item.  It did come with the sink adapter and most of the connections already hooked up.The dividers for the dishes are poorly laid out for today's dishware and glassware and certain large plastic ware containers.The utensil tray is cramped making it diffucult to place items with large handles in.Hooking it up to the sink and unhooking it is a small inconvenience.11-3-2009 - Still using this thing.  Still works well.  All the seals in tact. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
66200486	Replaced a 12 yr old Bosch that wasn't advancing from one cycle to the next...Cost to replace part was $250 + who knows what else was worn out?Was a little apprehensive about getting a lower end model, but so far so good...very quiet! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:15:05	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39073197	We have had the same issues others have had.In our case we do dishes around every other day or every day, and we use to use normal dry soap.  The dishes never seemed to get clean and the system broke while under warranty.  It was fixed and the repair guy told us that we were using too much soap.  So we reduced the amount of soap and the dishes came out worse.  We then had it break again this time out of warranty and it cost about $400 to get fixed.  We then switched to the gel packets and the cleaning was acceptable.  Granted they are expensive, but at least they worked and cleaned our dishes.  Now the system broke again.  It looks like the pump again, so we are going to cut our losses and get another dishwasher.  We are going back to Kitchen Aid.  We had that brand before our move to a new house and it lasted fine for over 10 years.My advice is to avoid LG dishwashers at all cost.  We do have their washer and dryer though and they held up well so far (4 years). 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:16:41	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
72755584	Rating should be 0 but that wasn't a choice.  I ordered this item at beginning of July pending move to a place that didn't have a dishwasher.  They backordered it until August 10.  So I waited and didn't have sanitized dishes in the meantime for myself and my 12 pets.  Then, on August 9, they sent me an email saying we can't get this item, we're cancelling the order.  I have gone 5 weeks without a dishwasher!  Now I have to go find another online store to order from.  Target may advertise the cheapest price but THEY DON'T DELIVER! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:16:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18303271	At half the size and about half the price of the roll away dishwashers this is a fantastic solution for someone on a budget or with limited floor space.  The set up is easy. Mine only takes up a bit more space than my old bamboo drying rack did.  The instruction manual shows how to load the dishwasher to hold up to 6 place settings.  I have done that!!!  The intructions also advise adding a touch of salt to counteract hard water if you have that issue (I never knew but it makes sense).  The filter is easy to get to and clean.The utensil basket is removable and has a removable plastic grid on top to keep the forks and spoons from nesting.  I popped the grid off of one half to allow larger items to be washed (like measureing spoons, wisks, and ice cream scoops.)  It works great.If I move this is going with me or will have to be a negotiation in the selling contract. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:16:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42454735	I just got one of these guys, since I just moved and it seemed cheaper to buy a portable dishwasher than to pay more for rent to have an apartment with a built-in dishwasher. ANYWAY, it seems to work pretty swell. I had some dishes backed up in the sink (been busy) and I was able to do them all in 2 loads. Instead of spending 30 min or whatever it would have taken me, I loaded the dishwasher in a couple of minutes and went to work cleaning the rest of the kitchen!Certain items are a little tricky to wash in it, like wooden spoons, spatulas, etc, but I just wash them by hand. I would venture to guess that this isn't any different in other counter-top models.My only advice: if you have more than 2 people living in your household, go bigger - and since this is just about the biggest counter-top model, you should be looking at a different type of product. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:16:41	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
492388	First unit was defective and had to be returned. Instruction manual is poorly organized and has out of date information. Was an easy install. Dishwasher is quiet and does seem to clean better than the 14 year old unit that it replaced. MUCH less space inside for dishes than old unit. This is not as tall, had to run the adjustment screws out almost all the way. It is also not as deep as the old one, probably 6#34; of wasted space behind the unit. Regular sized dinner plates catch on the upper spray arm unless you move the top rack up and lose washing space there.Cycles are incredibly long, 2 1/2 hours for a light wash. Doesn't have any way to dry the dishes, they come out wet. Has an on and off switch, so unless you want to waste electricity, after the cycle is finally over, you have to go turn it off. There is a reason that this dishwasher is $400 cheaper than the next one. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 04:16:41	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
75762154	Miele is trading on a history of a solid brand.  Our dishwasher has never worked well, doesn't clean well and the customer service is garbage.  It is 5 years old and needs $600 of repairs.  DO NOT BUY FROM THIS COMPANY 	dlaw	10-26-2015 07:57:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
43801853	Don't buy this dishwasher. Nothing but trouble. Within the first month the control panel burned out. Now it is leaking and will not run. The hard food disposer seems to work only occasionally. The dishes are often not clean, with gritty debris in the glasses and stuck to plates. Glasses are filmy. Items that used to come clean in our old dishwasher don't in this one, like plastic cutting boards. It's only positive attribute: when it is running it is quiet. That's about it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 07:57:17	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, leaking complaints. Hard food dispenser, control panel defects	true
90729519	This DW is quieter than my fridge. But is worse at cleaning dishes than the other 2 dishwashers I've had. Tried running water in sink so the DW water is hot, changed cleaner, settings. But still not the best. But on the plus side it's pritty and quiet. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 07:57:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	not up to standards of user complaint	true
88369984	This dishwasher was purchased and installed in September 2010.  It was purchased sight unseen as a special order from a large home improvement chain.Right from the beginning, we noticed that clean glasses smelled of soap and water tasted soapy.  Also dishes often did not come out clean, and the flatware still had stuck on food.  We started to rinse the dishes and flatware before loading the machine.In mid-November, I opened the door just as the dry cycle was starting.  The bottom of the tub was covered in soap suds.  To remedy, I ran a rinse only cycle and most of the suds were gone when that finished.  I then thought that maybe it was the name brand gel-tab detergent causing the excess suds, so I switch to a name brand powdered detergent so I could control the amount used.  I started out using the recommended amount and have gradually cut it down to a single tablespoon divided amongst the two dispenser compartments.  The over sudsing continues.  So now in addition to running the rinse only cycle after the normal wash cycle, I have to rinse the whole load in the sink.  So let's see:  rinse before loading, load and run normal wash, run rinse cycle, check for suds, rinse in sink, reload dished to air dry in machine.The reopair man will be here in 10 days.If this is convenience and engergy efficiency, I'll take 1926. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 07:57:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	inconvenience, efficiency, cleanliness complaint	true
17979679	I like that this dishwasher is easy to assemble (no special tools required), easy to use (straightforward, same rules apply for loading like any other dishwasher), and you know EXACTLY how much time each cycle takes (peruse manual). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 07:57:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
74306147	This dishwasher worked great for about a year and now it is absolutely terrible. It is not nearly as quiet as when we bought it and it leaves a crusty film on everything.  We Will not buy another BOSCH appliance ... 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:47:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	noise, cleanliness complaints	true
36602954	I am saving so much time not washing dishes!  I've had this over a year, and it's always worked great.  Cleans even dirty dishes very well.  Perfect for one or two people in an apartment.  Surprisingly spacious inside, especially if you read the instructions on how to place things inside.  Make sure to measure your available space to be sure it fits on your counter within about a foot of your sink.  I thank heaven for this thing every time I turn it on. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:47:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
44635715	We've had this unit for about a month now. What's not to like about it?  It's quiet for one.  You can use as little as 1 tbsp of detergent per load and the dishes come out sparkling clean.  The cycle time is significantly shorter than the Maytag it replaced.  It appears to be ruggedly built like I would expect from a product with the Bosch name.  Also, this is the consumer reports top rated dishwasher.  I can see why.  Thumbs up!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:47:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
25116914	The dishwasher works great! Convenient in our small home and saves money, water and time compared to the handwashing we were doing. The cycle takes about 2 1/2 hours so we turn it on before heading to bed. Easy to use and the we have found it cleans the dishes quite well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:47:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
32517808	The dishwasher was a little bigger than I expected, It is better to put the dishwasher on a counter, where you do not have a cabinet. Instructions, for people that are not handy should be included regarding connecting the hose to the kitchen spout. We needed to get an adapter because the size did not match. Other than that it is great. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:47:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	external size, unclear instructions complaint	true
40294850	This seems to be working well.  Ocassional food particles, so I still have to pre-rinse pretty well.  Quiet enough. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:49:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
25109897	I just recieved my new dishwasher. It fills up with water, washes the dishes but wont drain. I guess the drain pump is broken. My multiple calls to the quot;Haier Customer Satisfaction Centerquot; are unanswered. Looks like it would be an interesting invention if it worked. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:49:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	drain / flooding complaint	true
32690869	I've had this THING for 2 1/2 years and it's the worst dishwasher I've ever owned.  Why shoud I even be writing a review in the first place.  On my first call to tech support I was informed I purchased therir BOTTOM OF THE LINE MODEL, nice marketing approach.  After taking a 1/2 day off to wait for the repair man, kinda like the cable guy, the repair man pulled out a wire fork tool and jiggled it arount in side, reset the machine and I was good to go...to write a check for $150.00.  I asked for if I could at least get the special fork tool, he advised the end of a spoon would work too.  So for the past two years I insert the spoon, jiggle it around and it runs.  I guess I've over giggled cause over time I've had to juggle 4 or 5 times to get the beast to work.  Now it out of warranty and who want to be insulted for purchasing the BOTTOM of THE LINE Model twice.  I replaced a 5 year old GE dishwasher with this unit, it's been in a apartment I rent for the past 3 years and has NEVER had a service call.  Really...this is a dishwasher not a sports car. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:49:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint	true
57824710	I purchased 2 Fisher and Paykel dish drawers (2 top drawers) 6 years ago.  I have never had more problems with an appliance before.  I have had equal problems with both drawers, so it is not just that I got a lemon, they both constantly break down.  Over the 6 years I have had the drawers I have had to have them each repaired 2-3 times a year beginning within months of purchasing.I had to purchase an extended warranty because I knew I would need it.  After six years I am finally waking up and just getting rid of these dish drawers.  The concept is great, 2 small dishwashers so you don't have to waste water and energy if you have only a small load.  When they are not broken, they also work fine, the dishes get clean.  But they do need to work consistently and these don't.However, there is something truly wrong with a product that requires so many repairs.  I have had the motor replaced numerous times on both, pumps, jet dry dispenser and the list goes on.Fisher and Paykel dish drawers are truly unreliable and I highly suggest going with another dishwasher, it seems like there are a lot of good ones out there.I think I will try a Bosch model this time. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:49:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	motor, pump, dispenser defects, unreliable complaint	true
28008085	We purchased this dishwasher after our cheaper one quit.  You get what you pay for.  While this new dishwasher seems a little smaller than my old one I am really happy with the purchase.  Here's what makes me smile. 1) I put in items dirty, they come out clean. 2) I can unload this dishwasher super fast.  Maybe it's the slightly smaller capacity but I'm actually happy to unload the dishwasher because it takes about two minutes, seriously.  It can't get better than that!I like the easy to understand controls.  There's a light to indicate what's going on inside during a cycle.  A little green light indicates when dishes are clean (nicer than using a clean magnet or sign).  The inside can hold large pots below and there is some adjustability with the racks to accommodate your needs. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:49:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
30326536	(NOTE: The first paragraph of this review was written in Jan 2014. The remaining paragraphs are updates from May 2014)If you love to hand dry your dishes, you will love this machine. It does NOT have a dry cycle. Seriously. It cleans okay but the rack designs are ridiculous and maddening. Dishes and glasses are either too big or too small, depending on where you try to put them, and fall over. Expensive piece of machinery. I wish I could return the stupid thing.UPDATE (May 2014):I had a technician come and look at the unit. He informed me IT SHUTS OFF MID CYCLE BECAUSE I AM USING TOO MUCH SOAP. Thus, the dishes are filmy and wet. I ran it again with NO soap and the dishes are bright, shiny, and best of all, DRY. He said only use a teaspoon at most of soap. The only purpose of the soap is to cut any grease that may be present. The hot water will do the rest - clean, sterilize, what have you - no soap necessary. He also said that the dirtier the dishes when you put them in (just knock off the big pieces) the SHORTER the wash cycle. The cleaner the dishes, the more soap bubbles up, and the dishwasher runs and runs. Too much soap altogether, and it shuts down mid-cycle.He said the racks are METRIC and thus the dishes don't fit well. We Americans have larger tableware than Koreans. They use smaller dishes on a metric scale and if we were in Korea they would fit better. It's too bad Samsung doesn't change their interior design for the American market.I am changing my review from 1 to 3 stars. I will change it again in a year if need be. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:55:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
77427978	My earlier version of this machine had issues - many issues - but after reading that Maytag had revamped their warrantee, and upgraded the motors and redesigned the washer control boards, I took a chance and, like an earlier poster stated that, they really very much, LOOKED alike, and, I had to make the order online - so I really had to go by what I was seeing because I could not get to a store to look due to surgery. The fact that the silly old one died during recovery, was pretty ironic. While there is no ideal time for any appliance to die, doing so the day after surgery, really was the worst time for it to happen. The main reason as to why I  chose this machine, was because because I actually LIKED the layout, of the OLD machine, and really thought that they were pretty spot on as far as the layout that the pictures were showing. And, since I had a routine lay out, for my Go To Regular Everyday Items, and this one looked SO much like the other one, I took the jump and ordered without seeing it in person MY biggest mistake,,, ( it is without a doubt a jump, that I know I will NEVER make again - you absolutely cannot make a purchase such as this, sight unseen). Okay, back to the review! So, when I talk about my, Normal Everyday Items, I am talking about, normal items for the year 2012. Things like Nalgene Water bottles, 24 ounce Coffee/Drink travel cups, larger Dishes, and Pots that are found, in just about every home, in the USA these days! I may be totally off base here but, it seems to me that, if every manufacturer of the above items, has decided to go big or go home, with the size of their items, why on EARTH would Maytag, decide to look the other way, and come up with the idea that seems to play out like this: What America needs is a top rack, that is made to only fit juice glasses, and coffee cups! It seems that THIS company, has forgotten that, in REAL America, the everyday Cup 'O Joe in a travel cup, is anywhere from 16-24 ounces. All the while the Design Engineers (LOL) at Maytag must think that, Juice glasses are fine,,,,people don't even Use those BIG SILLY cups! We shall make the new Normal Tall items, now and forever,,,, the size of an 8oz cup!!! (Maybe the Maytag folks have small bladders?).Even more troubling, is that, upon speaking to customer service about, the lack of space problems, (and just being generally upset about the products lack of features) - I was informed that I was the FIRST to mention this! She said that this new model, actually holds TALLER CUPS than the older one! NOPE,,,,sorry Maytag People, it does not. When I then asked about, where in in the world the adjustable upper rack went,,,they informed me that, they now only put that feature in their, upper model. WHAT? I just bought the Stainless Steel Tub Model (this lone feature, used to identify the top model. It seems that, this is no longer the case). Had I wanted the adjustable rack, and fold down tray, and the extra setting for China, would have set me back an extra $300.00!In fact, gone are ANY extras in this machine - Now in it's place, is a disagreeable top rack, that doesn't glide; you have to fight with it, to get it to roll in or out. Gone is that awesome little coffee cup, snuggler angle that kept my coffee mugs, in a perfect spot so that the mug handles didn't take up extra room. Now, there are tines that are, literally, an inch and a half tall, in the middle of the rack. NOTHING in my kitchen is small enough to make use if this TINY row of tines! Furthermore, because the rack is not adjustable or deep enough to hold anything bigger than a juice glass, ANYTHING TALL, must be hand washed from now on,,, (so much for a nice clean and sanitized Nalgene Water bottle,,,, *for those that don't know what a Nalgene bottle is: It is a very large and wide water bottle, that has an attached lid, and a very wide collar at the top, that has a odd angle to was by hand, and a bottle brush is needed to get it good and clean. So, I felt a bit better knowing that, they were getting nice and clean in the washer). If this lid was not attached, MAYBE I would take a chance, and put them on the bottom rack, but it's a plastic bottle - I learned long ago, not to put plastic things on the bottom rack of a dishwasher, unless you don't want it to resemble anything that it looked like BEFORE you put it on the bottom rack, when the heated drying is done.And, this now brings me to: The Bottom Rack! For starters, the upper Spray Arm, hangs from a new strange contraption, that cannot be adjusted. This also now means that, the spray arm actually hangs so far down, that it literally states over and over in the manual, that you must spin the arm to make sure that nothing is in the way of this arm. Maybe some would ask: why would this be a problem? Well, it seems that those same, Design Engineers decided that there was a need to have switch the detergent dispenser, to the side of the washer that is supposed to hold, the TALL items! It doesn't take the sharpest knife in Design Engineers hand book to see that, if you have a tall side and a short side, and, people are supposed to do as the manual says, and put the tall items where they tell you to put them - and, I did. And what happened? The door to the dispenser didn't open! Wow,,,I guess they never saw that one coming!A few of the other little idiosyncrasies : The entire inside of the stainless tub stays wet with condensation, after it is finished - the silverwar basket sits poorly and not tight in the rail, it's a bit noisy, and finally the best part of my awesome new Maytag MDB7759AWW? They shipped it with a Black Kick Plate! My white appliances ALL have white bottoms, (as do my cabinets), and now as a daily reminder, that sort of acts like a little twist of of a Swiss Army knife, in that it keeps twisting, just ever so slightly, in reminding me, in it's own snarky way that - YES you hate me,,,but you are STUCK WITH ME FOR A LONG TIME LADY!! ,,,(and I can hear it laugh),,,Its just really sad that, I have come into this, writing this review, and knowing that, I have to live with this machine, for the next X amount of years. I can't wait until a family get together, and see all that I CAN'T put into this machine. With taxes and all, it seems that I have just Dishwashed $600.00 bucks, down the preverbal kitchen sink drain, I just wish that I could throw this Baby out with the dirty dish water.  If there is anybody out there even looking into the likes of this machine - I can tell you very honestly - don't waste your money - or else you too will end up with, a laughing appliance. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:55:16	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint	true
58964756	Not for a family. Even if you don't have enough space to get a big one, don't waste your money.I got this one being tired of cleaning my dishes by hand.....I realized it was not worth it.It takes forever to wash, it's SUPER noisy and you can only put few things inside. IF you are a person that cook everytime, forget it, this is not for you. You can only fit: 4 plates, 4 glasses, 4 small plates and the silverware, forget about everything else. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:55:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
87395564	We actually intended to purchase the KUDE50FXSS because it is cheaper but our 9.5 yr old Fisher Paykel died at Thanksgiving and, by Monday, I was anxious to get a replacement installed. The appliance store was out of the KUDE50FXSS because it is such a popular model, but they had a floor model of the KUDE70FXSS on sale for less than the one we wanted, so I took it. I didn't really want the very top (third) rack that one reviewer raved about and after about three uses, we removed it. The top (second rack) has two positions. In the 'down' position, it interferred with some of our dishes in the bottom rack, and in the 'up' position it interferred with the very top rack. Fortunately the very top rack is very easy to remove.This DW has more features than we need and I don't like heated dry because it is so hot. Frankly, the final rinse water is hot enough that dishes dry on their own in the dishwasher.I have tried washing glassware along with a couple of greasy microwave bacon cookers and have tried washing some really dirty pots (in pot scrubber mode) along with glassware, and everything came out very clean both times. The filter needs to be rinsed infrequently and all the rack adjustment options make it really easy to load. Some customers may like all of the wash options and those who don't can just ignore them. For the majority of people, I suspect that the KUDE50FXSS would be just fine.There are some plastic parts that are too delicate. We had to order replacements for several of them because numbskulls had broken them while playing with the unit at the appliance store. Also, the utensil rack has several plastic inserts with slots designed to keep your flatware separated so it won't spoon. Our flatware doesn't fit in the slots so we removed them also. We have washed with cascade powder and Finish Powerballs. Both seem to work well and we mostly use the powerballs now. We also use JetDry in the dispenser..This unit is so quiet, you actually have to listen very carefully to detect that it is on. The loudest sound is heard through the disposal when it empties. We highly recommend this unit, or the next one or two down, which most customers will likely find just as acceptable at a lower price. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:55:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
71300642	Took just a few minutes to setup, installed easily.  The faucet attachment works perfectly.Just ran the first load.  It was really quiet and cleaned everything well.  Can't wait to run it again!Update:  We've had it for just over a month now, and it is still working well!  Wife is very happy with it.Update 2: Over 3 months in, its working great!  I'll never go back to hand washing, ever! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 08:55:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
79084699	i got this because it is small  had it for about 4 months  worked great  sometimes the knob  sticks  but its okay until  the gasket around the window started to leak  called/ email  the danby service department  talked to a lady said she'd send out the parts  then she said id have to have a serviceman look at it if i took it in  she gave me a #  the man said  he only makes housecalls  so i'd emailed her back  she said the warrenty would cover it  tryed to call the serviceman back  two months later  he answers  takes my info  says hell callback after he okays my warrenty info with danby  still waiting  now this week  the window falls off  so now i cant even use it  looking for a new dishwasher  without the window  save your money  do the same  cause danby service sucks 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:05:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
28616586	I have a very small kitchen in my new home and had one cabinet that could fit the Danby. I purchased it on the basis of the positive reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere on the internet.  The reviews are accurate. This little machine has sufficient space for a small kitchen operation and effectively cleans and dries dishes, cups and glasses, pots and pan, silverware, etc. Without any pre-washing, I have yet to remove any item properly positioned in the Danby that was not thoroughly cleaned and dried.  The rinse aid functions effectively and removes any water streaks from glassware.  The interior is stainless steel and has the appearance of a higher-end dishwasher.  It is relatively quiet in operation. The normal cycles takes, on average, about 2 hours to complete, although I have not timed it exactly.You will need additional items to complete the installation of the Danby, which are detailed in the installation manual.  E.G., you will need electrical wiring, a hot water hose, and other typical dishwasher attachments. The less handy should likely consider hiring a plumber and electrician to perform the installation.My only complaints are the following: (1) the exterior and controls have a cheap plastic appearance; the exterior seems like it could be easily scuffed; (2) the bottom rack, because it is completely independent of the washer, sometimes rolls awkwardly on the rack tracks; (3) the Danby emits a single beep that repeats in 30 second intervals or so when the door is ajar. I like to keep the door slightly ajar on occasion to make sure any excess moisture evaporates.  This warning beep can be avoided merely by pressing the power button and turning the unit off. It is still a minor annoyance. None of these complaints is so significant that I would lower my 5-star rating.In conclusion, after a months use I would recommend this dishwasher to anyone in the market for an 18 inch dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:05:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	cheap parts, design complaint	true
26931855	I bought this model at a big box chain. It was an open box item (meaning someone else had already returned it!), but it was deeply discounted and I only needed something for a year or so until I start a remodel project. After I started using it I found it one of the strangest dishwashers I've ever had. The top rack is multilevel with a row of tines on each level, but overall it doesn't accommodate as many dishes, glasses, and mugs as I used to load in my previous dishwashers. In general, the tines on the top and bottom racks are too close together, so if you have any curved-edge dishes you need to skip a row so that there is enough room for the spray to hit the dishes. The bottom rack has an odd set of wheels and tracks unlike any I've ever seen and the rack always seems to catch on the door edge when trying to pull it out or push it back in. Whereas most dishwashers have two soap cups, this one has just one with odd gram labels supposedly indicating how much soap to add for the main wash, depending on what you are washing, and assuming you know how to measure in grams. And you just add the soap for the initial wash in an indentation on the main wash lid. The dry cycle is run for every type of wash, there is no way to disable it. I don't understand the rinse aid marker at all, so I just pour in the rinse aid until it looks full.On the plus side, it it the quietest dishwasher I've ever had - you can barely hear it even when you are standing next to it. The only time you can hear it is when it is emptying out the water. And it cleans well. As a nice touch, it plays a little chime at the end of the cycle to let you know it is finished (I wish the clothes dryer had that instead of the loud buzzer!) 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:05:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design complaint, internal size complaint	true
16886866	Extremely quiet. Solid construction. Straightforward to install.Rack structure works well. Soap holder is a little shaky - same design as on my previous washer, which eventually became hard to use. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:05:25	No Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	No	soap dispenser	true
2831939	Our Maytag Dishwasher lasted 1 year 3.5 months then died. We only used it about once a week.Maytag/Whirlpool would do nothing on the warranty.The Kenmore this dishwasher replaced ran in this house for 20 years.My advice is to stay away from this brand altogether.If I could give it 0 stars I would. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:05:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unreliable complaint	true
80395333	I LOVED IT I BOUGHT IT TWO YEARS AGO AND ENDED UP GIVING IT TO MY DAUGHTER CAUSE LIKE OTHERS HAVE SAID IT IS SMALL AND ONLY MEANT FOR ONE OR TWO PPL IF YOU HAVE A FAMILY IT IS TWO SMALL BUT IT WORKS GREAT MY DAUGHTER IS GOING TO HAVE A BABY SOON AND SHE WILL LOVE IT FOR THE BABY BOTTLES ONLY THING I DID NOT LIKE WAS THAT ITS CYCLE IS AS LONG AS A FULL SIZE DISHWASHER OTHER THAN THAT ITS GREAT ONCE ALL MY KIDS LEAVE HOME I WILL BE GETTING ONE FOR MYSELF 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:11:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
30358516	The design on our model is just plain stupid. The latch is designed to be tight, but their is no latch release mechanism. The designed way to open the latch is to pull hard. How hard? According to my fish scale, it takes 23 pounds (!) of pull to open the door.On top of that, the handle on which you're pulling is held on by two plastic tabs which are each 1 inch wide and no more than 1/16th of an inch thick. They're bound to break, and when they do, all of the buttons (which are only held in by the facia) fall out.So of course we're just barely out of warranty, but after I explain the major design flaw (and learn that they've apparently changed the latch part for that model since then), they offer to replace the handle only, not the latch which might prevent the problem from recurring.To make things worse, they agree its a problem and agree to cover only the parts. That's fine because it would take me 10 minutes to change it (I've already had to disassemble and reassemble twice -- once to diagnose and try to reglue and once to take pictures to send to customer service agent) as opposed to all the time involved in waiting for a repairman. BUT WAIT, they'll only pay for the parts if I pay to have them installed by an authorized service provider. Yes, they'll send me the $45 part if I pay $85+ to have it installed. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:11:17	No Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design complaint	true
52067368	Bought it late last year. Sometimes it goes through the entire cycle, sometimes not. The repairman told me the latch was poorly designed and he'd seen this before. Apparently, during the cycle the door can get a bit loose. When that happens, it shuts itself off.Also, the way you put stuff in it seems pretty inflexible.I bought it to avoid these kinds of headaches. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:11:17	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint	true
13863183	This is the worst dishwasher ever made - noisy , leaks, does not clean dishes.  Do not buy this product - $1,200 down the drain.  Kitchenaid customer service acts like they have never heard a complaint on this product.  Very disappointed. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:11:17	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	noisy, leaks, cleanliness complaints	true
30600781	We purchased this dishwasher a month ago and nothing but problems.  It is quiet and does a good job cleaning BUT it holds practically nothing.  The wheels come off the bottom rack and it rolls right off the track and onto the floor BREAKING DISHES!!I would not recommend this dishwasher and would love to give it no stars!Unhappy customer 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:11:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	rack wheel defect, property damage complaint	true
86663356	Yes it does work like the big ones do.  You have to be a little careful because some plates etc. will block the arm from moving. Other than that does a pretty good job. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:14:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
62677484	Does a good job washing dishes. Need to be very careful as to how you load it and careful not to overload. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:14:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
67292843	I have had this dishwasher for two years and it has been the most unreliable washer I have owned.  The electronics, especially the leak detector, are an endless problem.  This is my first and last Electrolux product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:14:57	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	leak detector defect, unreliable complaint	true
36807476	The install was a breeze and it works great. It is amazing how quiet this dishwasher is.  The first time I turned it on, I was not sure it was working; it was that quiet.  The extra 3rd rack (top rack) is great for the big spoons and knives.  This machine can handle almost all my dishes and utensils.  For those who have company over and struggle to get all the dishes into one load after the party...this dishwasher is the one you want (if you can afford it). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:14:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
81037696	I wanted to wait a while before posting review for my dishwasher just in case it broke or failed in any way. I have had it about 2 months and use it almost everyday, I really got it because my back hurts if I stand in one spot too long and read some good reviews on this dishwasher so figured I would take a chance. I'm so glad I did. This dishwasher gets my dishes spotless and I even over pack it sometimes. I've washed a small deep fryer in it that had burnt on stains and it came out quite clean. My coffee pot also never looked so good. This thing really cleans way better than I expected. I read a review here that almost made me not buy this unit that claimed its for a doll house and his plates that are 10.5 inches don't fit in the dishwasher. That is completely not true. I measured my plates with a tape measure and they are in fact 10.5 inches and I fit 6 in my dishwasher just fine. I actually have fit more than that in there. I love this thing. It doesn't hold large items well but for normal dishes and pots and pans it's perfect. I ordered the dishwasher and received it in 2 days. It's a quiet and small dishwasher that serves its small purpose. For a small family it's perfect. There's three of us and I have no problems. I just rinse my dishes and put them in and walk away. I open the door to let them air dry. This is one of the best things I ever bought. If I have any problems I will update this review but until them I'm very happy with it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 09:14:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
88596164	This has been a terrible product from day one. Hard to install, 2 hours 6 min to run a normal load, never dries the dishes, if the dishes aren't clean when you load the dishwasher they don't get clean, the bottom drawer comes off the track every time and you have to lift the whole loaded drawer up to get back on track, there is no solid connection to the cabinet so it moves around every time you open the door.  One positive thing, it looks good.  I called product support from the first week and they have never provided a response that worked and now it's out of warranty and broken.  I am going to fix the problem by removing from cabinet and replacing with another brand. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:50:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82852547	After reading through the mixed reviews on various websites, I went with the gut feel and ordered the Samsung DMT800RHS Dishwasher. The main motivation is that it matches nicely with my Samsung Counter depth refrigerator. I ordered from a non-Amazon online vendor. I receievd the dishwasher last week. I have to say it looks really nice coming out of the packaging. I had someone help install the dishwasher. From the feedback from one of the reviewers, I saved the power cord from my older dishwashers to use with this one. Overall, the installation was not too bad though the unit could not quite fit nicely in the standard space and sits on a little bit slanted angle. Unit worked like a charm first time we ran it and all is well.... for one wash cycle..When we tried to turn on next day, the power would not turn on. I checked the power cable conection and the breaker to see if it tripped. Everything looked fine and we were scratching our heads. I finally called Samsung service and while speaking to them, my wife tells me power came up. So, I hung up thinking that I was probably not using the touch panel correctly. Everyone is happy for two more days. Today, we hit the same problem again. No matter how hard I press, the power would not turn on. I looked online and it seems this is a known problem with many of these models. One of the (temporary) solutions provided was to unplug the power, wait a couple of minutes and plug it back. When I tried this, I got the power to work again. Turns out this is what saved my day two as well while I was checking the connectivity. Now, I am pretty convinced I have a faulty touch panel. I am not sure if I like the idea of crawling down the kitchen sink and doing the plug/unplug workaround too many times....Other than this issue, overall the noise levels are much better than my older dishwasher (Maytag). The wash quality is pretty good. However, I am mightly disappointed with myself for not listening to the other customers who expressed their frustration with quality. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:50:23	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
210308	When we moved into our new home (new to us), we replaced the frigidaire dishwasher a few months after we moved in. We wanted a good quality quiet disher that had a clean sleek look. We saw the Samsung dishwasher at Lowes that we thought fit that description. We have had the dishwasher about 4 years now. During that time, we have had the water sensor level replaced ($$$), replaced both the adjustable brackets that hold the upper basket, one roller to the lower basket (we didn't realized the the wheel came off), couple of clips, and just ordered replacements for the top and bottom nozzles sprayers (the arms the spin and spray water on your dishes) plus the middle nozzle as a backup (just in case $$$). For such an high end appliance, the quality of parts don't fit the category. I believe the plastic parts they use inside the tub can't tolerate the heat along with the detergent and begin to break down the plastic. Spending that kind of money for this disher, you would think it would be trouble free for many years. It not fair to the comsumer to be stuck with inferior quality to be sold as high end appliances. Will eventually replace this dishwasher sooner than later (probably this summer). Can't continually be buying replacement parts. Sooner or later these part may not be available.TODAY I AM BACK (July 21, 2013) To report that our dishwasher just displayed an error code 6e2. I have no idea what the error code means. Had to turn off the circuit breaker to turn off the dishwasher since the touch panel would not respond. Will have to go look for a new non Samsung dishwasher to replace this defunct dishwasher. Searched online for the error code and can't seem to get a straight answer to the mystery code. Don't feel like spending $$$$$ into fixing the problem since I have already done that in the past. Cut my losses and hopefully get a good reliable dishwasher.Well I am back (11-23-13) to report. We still have the dishwasher. I have figured out what the problem was even though I did not find the meaning to the error code. I noticed on the touch control panel on the top of the door had condensation under the plastic display window. So I peeled the plastic window off and found that the adhesive tape they used has lost some of its grip and had allowed moisture into the touch control contacts. Let the top dry out and bought glue to secure the plastic window. Dishwasher works! Yesterday dishwasher gave us an error code 9e. Same error code we got the very first time we had an issue with the dishwasher. This time I didn't call for a repairmen since it was the same error code for water level sensor. I knew where to look and pulled the part off the left side of the dishwasher. Sure enough inside the part was full of crud buildup and I cleaned it out. Put the part back in and guess what, the dishwasher is working again. Didn't have to replace the part. If I had known this the first time, I would not have had to call for a repairmen and a new water level sensor put in. I STILL PLANNING TO REPLACE THIS DISHWASHER. Can't do it now, the holidays are here and the money is needed for the holidays. Will baby the dishwasher as long as I am able to keep it running. If you are having the same problems I have been dealing with, let me know. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:50:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
87412825	We've had this dishwasher now for 3 months.  I hate it, because I can't fit in our salad bowls. tupperware or most of our glasses.  It will hold 4 Tervis drinking glasses in the upper rack - we use about 10 a day.  My daily choices are to wash half my dishes by hand or to run the dishwasher twice to three times a day.  So much for saving water and time.  Do not buy this dishwasher. Do the Germans eat on little teeny tiny dishes and drink from itsy bitsy glasses? Do they not use tupperware or pasta plates or salad bowls or wine glasses?  We can't afford to just buy another one and get rid of this one, so we are stuck with a major appliance that is a major headache.  Seriously, please don't make the same mistake that we did (we went by the Consumer Reports recommendations - and I am annoyed with those people, too), and actually take a few of your daily dishes with you when you go to buy a dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:50:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
66711429	Im loving my Edgestar portable dishwasher! We are a small family and its just perfect for what we need; and im saving money since it uses half the amount of soap than normal/bigger dishwashers. It doesnt dry the loads but i just leave the door open and dishes will dry by themselves in very short time ;) 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:50:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
16972787	Miele has some great things; it's quite, fits great in many different sized holes, you can get a custom front, easy to level and install...but then between years 1-3 you start to run a load of dishes and you hear a pop and you kitchen floor is now covered in salt.  I called the Meile costumer service and they call a rep in the DC area, the guy on the phone was really helpful and said they would be able to fix it no problem and that this was not a normal problem.  But, the guy who came to do the service call before they ordered the parts just smiled and told me his boss would love to sell me the parts because I would pay close to $500 for the water softer system, and the I would need a new feed line which was another $350...and the best part is what he said next and then I will see you next year when it breaks againIf you have the money not to care, pay for the Miele.  Or, you can spend half on a Kenmore, GE, Samsung, Kitchenaid or any of the other reliable brands.Please, learn from me, I had my miele sitting in the middle of my kitchen for a week waiting on the service guy...that just laughs when he thinks about how much money you just wasted. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:55:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
53220201	This dishwasher worked fine - for the first 4 months. Then it started to leak from the bottom of the door. Three attempts to fix the machine were unsuccessful. Finally had to return the machine and get a Maytag.  Further research revealed that this model has a history of leaking. This may have something to do with the fact that LG places the vent at the bottom of the dishwasher. Having the vent at the bottom looks good as the vent is not visible, but is not very good for your floor especially if you have hardwoods.  As far as cleaning goes, it performed mediocre at best. Do your research on this model and I think you will decide to look elsewhere. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:55:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
59811784	Much quieter than our countertop washer! Make sure you purchase the salt made for dishwashers and fill the reservoir inside on the bottom. The instructions are not so great but you can get by with them. It took a few washes before the salt light turned off. Everything comes out very clean with just being scraped off. It's actually bigger inside than it seems in the pictures, which is good. The silverware holder I like very much. I would buy this again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:55:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
54349231	I have four kids and this washer fits our needs perfectly.  I use it to wash the dishes, cups,bowls, and utensils for the day. That just leaves the pots and pans to be hand washed. It fits into our small kitchen perfectly and I like that it gives me a bit of extra counter space.It's easy to use.I didn't give it five stars because the manual is terrible. You have to figure a lot of it out on your own.YouTube has been a big help with the how to videos on there. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:55:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
40150666	I debated remodeling my kitchen to add a real dishwasher, but decided to give this countertop model a try (much cheaper!). It is great! I've had it for over a month with no problems at all. The only real downside is that the Normal cycle takes about 2 hours, and once it is done, I usually leave to door ajar overnight to fully dry the dishes. However, even these minor things are soo much better than washing dishes by hand and having dishes sitting in the sink! It's been a great addition to my little condo kitchen. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:55:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
86193777	I bought this a long time ago when I lived in my studio apartment, and I ended up selling it within a few months. It barely holds any dishes, but it takes up a huge amount of space. It would blow my circuit breaker when I tried to use it and would clog up extremely easily. The draining system is very poor, and the alarm constantly goes off for seemingly no reason. Save your money. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:58:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81506321	SHE6AF02UCSHE6AP02UCThe Bosch SHE6AP02UC was advertised to be one of the quietest dishwashers in North America with a noise rating of 50 dBA, about the average for the interior volume of a modern automobile while idling. With the Bosch running, I can listen to my TV show and even fall asleep in the next room without being bothered by the dishwasher.The rack design and layout needs some slight improvement. There's some wasted space, but I could load up all of the dishes, pots, and utensils I use for an entire day. The plastic tray/bin is very versatile. The door latch can be quite tight, and the mechanism for the detergent can be a bit finicky. The jet dry rinse agent reservoir doesn't make a lot of sense because it is hard to tell if it is full or needs to be filled. There's a sensor that tells you if it needs to be refilled, but I couldn't easily tell the current level. The Bosch takes either detergent tablets or regular detergent.The instruction manual is very bad. There are a lot of discrepancies in the models and features, and it is even harder when they basically state that these features are dependent on the model - great, so does my SHE6AP02UC or SHE6AF02UC have this or not?? My dishwasher was actually a SHE6AF02UC, and had EcoWash instead of AutoWash. Otherwise it was identical to SHE6AP.The installation of the dishwasher was tricky. The water intake port faced the front, which makes no sense when most plumbing is from the bottom or from the back wall. I had to fabricate a converter using copper pipe and two 90 degree elbows so the water could be fitted directly from the rear. Bosch should have made the intake facing the rear or at least the side.The exhaust or drain pipe is nothing more than translucent convoluted plastic tubing, and there's a filtration system that helps collect debris before it gets pumped out.Bosch has a terrific reputation for making quality and reliable electric motors or solenoids. Bosch fuel injectors are used on practically every automobile on the road. Bosch electric pump motors are also commonly used in automotive applications. Their reputation stayed true when I ran this dishwasher. The vibration was non-existent and the loudest sound came from the water itself. The sweeper arms were virtually silent, and the pumps are extremely quiet during the draining and filling process.The wash cycles are described in the manual. I haven't been able to get the SANITIZED light to come on, but there is a 30 minute dry heat period just before the cycle is completed. It helps accelerate the drying process. All of my dishes, pots, cups, and pans come out spotless. My complaint is that there's no easy way of adjusting the rinse agent quantity used for each cycle. You have to enter a special setting mode to change the dry heat option and rinse agent quantity. Basically you hold the RIGHT carat key (&gt;) and the START button, then release the START button. The right carat changes between the dry heat (d) and the rinse agent ( r ) settings.Pros: Stout unit with lots of settings to choose from (2 hours+ to 30 minute quick wash), easy to use, vibration-free, extremely quiet, a pleasure to use.Cons: Inefficient rack layout, instruction manual that has plenty of discrepancies, unintuitive installation procedure, the detergent tray doesn't lock as positively as I'd like.Overall: 4/5 stars. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:58:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
16740564	This Danby portable dishwasher is to be avoided at all costs. My machine has given me so much trouble. I've spent hundreds of dollars on servicing the machine. The last time it was to replace the pressure switch, which lasted only four months before it broke down again. Only the part is under warranty and to have the service man back would cost another $100. The machine is less than four years old! I paid well over $600 for it initially, plus delivery. I don't recommend this make at all. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:58:47	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
75240896	We ordered this on Saturday of President's Day weekend and got a phone call that Monday night to schedule a delivery Tuesday or Wednesday.  The vendor service was excellent.I don't know if I'd recommend self installation unless you are mechanically inclined.  The unit just fit under the counter and was otherwise a VERY tight squeeze compared to the GE it replaced.  That extra capacity has to come from somewhere.  Fortunately, there was a tile floor under the unit at the same hight as our hardwood, because I've heard that sometimes floor installers manage to box in the dishwasher during a kitchen remodel and you have to pop the countertop!The GE Profile is very quiet.  Had friends over and they didn't realize it was running in the kitchen until we heard the rinse cycle draining.  We're very happy with the results. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:58:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67391950	A few months ago our builder grade cheap-o died and after reading reviews my hubby and I decided to go with this one. We like the features it presented and the streamline look. We got it home and we are pleased with how quiet it is. But realized it is basically a glorified sanitizer...it doesn't get the dishes clean. You have to scrub them before you put them in and you have to dry them when you take them out. At first I didn't notice how wet our cups were so I didn't dry them and we soon discovered mold...so mandatory drying. As dishes are already one of the most frequent task for me, I don't appreciate having to do the job of the dishwasher too. 	agilay	10-26-2015 10:58:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
61689	Danby will not honor the warranty. They cannot get parts from China to repair their products. They will not replace the dishwasher when broken, or fix it. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT OR DO ANY BUSINESS WITH DANBY. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:32:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59131476	It works well.  It's a little louder than your average dishwasher but not obnoxious.  Washes the dishes very well as long as the dishes are arranged properly.  I'm happy with the product.  Good value for the $$$ 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:32:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46993083	My whole kitchen is Kenmore Elite about one year old.  The ice maker on the fridge went a few weeks ago and now the dishwasher stopped pumping.  Called Sears and they informed me that because it was 5 days out of warranty, I would have to pay for labor.  I politely told they guy that I thought their appliances should last for more than a year.  Also this dishwasher never really cleaned that good and it rinsed even worse.  Even with rinse aid there was always soap residue on the glasses and on the bottom of the door and tub. Kenmore used to be top of the line but lately I've found their quality has declined.  I just hope my stove doesn't go next.  Sad to say I'm done with Kenmore for good. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:32:53	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59281943	We were so thrilled to receive this dishwasher as a Christmas present from my parents.  We have wanted a dishwasher for a long time and this one is just the right size for our apartment.  Appearance-wise it is lovely.  It looks just like the pictures.  It's kind of sleek and modern-looking and suits our kitchen just fine.  The tub is stainless-steel rather than plastic.  It's heavy and solid.(As a side note, the delivery people the seller sent--who were paid about $50 for the shipping and handling--would only carry it up to our 3rd floor apartment for an extra $40, and insisted the ONLY time they could deliver it was 6am on a chilly weekday morning.  We lugged it up the stairs ourselves and it was very, very difficult.  I am extremely dissatisfied with the delivery company, but that's really not the point of this review and is not the reason I'm giving this product 2 stars.)The first problem we had with ours is that the detergent cup doesn't pop open the way it's supposed to, so soap isn't dispensed into the washer during the cycle.  We called the company and they offered to send a replacement dishwasher--BUT we would still have to lug it up the stairs ourselves AND lug the old one down for them to take away.  Or they could send a repairman, and it would be covered by the warranty.  Okay, fine, so we got a repairman.  He showed up, looked at it for 5 minutes, said to mail a copy of our bill of lading to a certain address and he would come back in a few weeks.  Annoying (why not just look at the bill of lading while you're there?) but done.  We're waiting for the repair people to call us back; last we heard they had not received our bill of lading yet and won't do anything without it.While we've been waiting--maybe a week or so--the dishwasher has developed a new problem.  It beeps and shuts down about 1/2 hour into the wash cycle.  We've looked through the manual and can't find any reason for this to happen.  We cleaned the filters (which weren't dirty, but it was worth a try) and keep getting the same result.Summary: Great in theory and appearance, but you better hope nothing's wrong with it, because it'll be a huge hassle to get it fixed.  We're now considering just returning it altogether and going back to hand-washing the dishes, because at least then we won't have to deal with slow and unprofessional delivery and repair people. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:32:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
84051386	Can't say anything good or bad about the item as it was damaged each time it arrived (2x).  I don't think it was the package as much as the shipping servicing handling of the item.  One was bashed in on the side and the second was cracked down the bottom panel.  I could only return one since the first box was destroyed in the rain (by being left outside by the shipping company).  Now I have to go find a box for the 2nd one since Amazon can't seem to supply me with one.  So no full refund since I have to go shop for a box and buy one to return the damaged item in. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:32:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37097576	We bought this Bosch (she55m15uc/61) to replace a Bosch we had for 10 years.  Since the review from Consumer Reports was good and the last Bosch was so good I gladly paid $1000.  Worst purchase ever.  The pump went out, then leaked and damaged the floor.  We replaced the pump ($380) and it broke again 3 months later.I won't buy a Bosch again- this one was a very nice looking, quiet, piece of crap. i just replaced this with a different brand and I hope it is more reliable. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:35:31	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42659383	Stinky water left in bottom drain after each wash- BOSCH says this is normal! Only had this d/w less than a month. Noticed right away there is odor of wet, soggy food after each use. Repairman came and said it was normal after checking to see how it drains. Didn't believe him, so I called BOSCH. They also told me it was normal. Only option is to buy some product to cover up the odor, or place an open dish of vinegar in top rack with each use. MY old d/w never smelled. Wish I had kept the old one, and my $800. Smell fills the whole kitchen! 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:35:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
1569885	I was originally going to purchase their lower priced dishwasher, which I had researched, but there was a sale on this fancier model which made it the same price.  I assumed it would be as well rated as the cheaper model, and I bought it on the spot.  Well, it is pretty, but it doesn't clean dishes.  It says it is super-quiet, but its noisy.  The first time we used it, it made a burny smell.  We thought it was just a first time hot smell.  But the dishes were dirty.  Not just poorly washed, but pieces of limp food laying on the glasses.  The powdered soap wasn't even fully dissolved out of the soap dish.  Okay, there's something wrong, so we called LG and they sent repairmen out.  He replaced two pumps in the machine and recommended using liguid detergent.  The next wash was a little better, but it still stank.  I'll have to fast forward through the door replacement, the gasket replacement, the flooding of our kitchen, the eventual replacement of the computer, etc.  The simple fact is that the machine has NEVER cleaned dishes.  All the repair guys say (off to the side), it's just not a good model, maybe you should get a _____.  LG just keeps sending out technicians, they won't replace it.  The warranty ran out yesterday and I am still stuck with a machine that DOESN'T CLEAN DISHES.  Stay away from this one, its expensive AND useless. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:35:31	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23661966	Works well, but I wish that it had a countdown timer so that you could see just where it is in the cycle. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:35:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22234974	Dish rinser is a more accurate description.  By far, the worst we've owned.  Even with a light load, premium detergent, extra hot water, it doesn't clean at all. LG was worthless in helping resolve the problem.  I expected a replacement or refund but they basically said tough luck.  I will never buy another LG product ever. This was a huge expense for us. Most of the time we wash the dishes by hand now......why bother with a rinsing machine.  Please don't waste your money.  If your old machine can be repaired, do that.  How I wish we had.  Also, we did have a serviceman come  check our water pressur, temp, connections,etc.  He found no obvious problem, so I conclude the machine is poorly designed. LG = Lacking Generally 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 11:35:31	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
58951074	Mine has broke 5 times in 5 years!  Save yourself the trouble and buy another brand.  Kitchen aid doesn't stand behind their products.  You will be stuck with a broken appliance or have to buy yourself a new one.  Just for your information....Kitchen aid is owned by Whirlpool who also owns...Maytag, Jenn Air, and Amana. So, I wouldn't buy those brands either.  That means your left with Frigidaire or Bosch and I don't know how good these are. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:11:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unreliable complaint	true
67568908	This is the second dishwasher I've received from Amazon and the third of its kind.  The first one was from Compact Appliance (through Amazon)  that one worked six months, followed by a three-month long nightmare to get it repaired after which it worked for a few days.  Compact Appliance eventually refunded me.  Turns out that this and all the others like it have the same internal mechanics and are made in China (where all quality items are made) they simply put a different name on the front and the cheap owner's manual.The first one stopped working after 2 weeks.  This one lasted one month and ten days, so as to absolve Amazon of their responsibility for this item, now I must deal with the #34;manufacturer#34;.  Amazon is good for buying books, housewares and other hardware in which defective manufacture is rarely an issue.  I will never buy anything else like this from Amazon again.  They were very vague about the warranty issue and now I see why. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:11:59	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cheap parts, unreliable complaints	true
58307954	Have had this dishwasher for 3.5 years and this is my first problem with it.  However, it is the same 03 error code (wash pump not working) that many of the prior reviewers have experienced on this website and as noted on other sites, and upon calling Electrolux for warranty (or defective part) coverage, of course, there is nothing covering this type of issue.  It is incredibly frustrating that with my very low usage (travel much of the time and typically do one to two loads a week, if that) that essentially after a typical 1.5 years of usage, the wash pump has to be replaced.  Obviously, they don't stand behind the equality of the product.  Although customer service was relatively helpful in pricing out the potential part replacement costs and recognized local appliance repair people, when asking me at the end of the call, if I wanted to participate in customer service survey, and I said, You Betcha ready to blast Electrolux, I was amazingly transferred into oblivion, which has NEVER happened in a survery situation before.  I think it was a matter of selective disconnection for survey manipulation...I think Kelly Ripa needs to attach her name to another brand!!  Would not buy another product from this company, which is so disappointing as I like so many aspects of this dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:11:59	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint	true
71113134	Purchase Koldfront Countertop Dishwasher  $206I cut the cabinets so the unit would fit perfectly underneath.(2hr)@ $50/hr = $100Then I read the directions (.5 hr)  @  = $ 25Next I assembled and connected all hoses. (1hr)  @  = $ 50I Proceeded to load my first dinner plate and found it did not fit!!!!!!!Listening to the relatives laughter at Xmas?Priceless!Getting my money back is not enough.Take this product OFF amazon. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:11:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
87802388	I do not own this model exactly, but I want to make all consumers aware of the NIGHTMARE you will experience if have any problems after purchase of a Bosch appliance.  This company does not stand behind their products, from Day#1, under-warranty, of ownership. We bought their top-of-the-line dishwasher that performs worse than a bottom-line budget special. Bosch has refused, from the first day, to acknowledge any problems; going so far as to doctor their repair records, of which we have an un-doctored copy, to redact service techs' comments regarding non-performance of the product. It has been like dealing with a fly-by-night, street-corner hawker, who disappears after the sale is made.  They have tried their damndest to dissuade us from service calls, and each time we call for repair they have questioned us in an accusatory manner about how we load the dishes, what brand and how much detergent we use, temperature and pressure of the water, etc.  Each repair person who has checked the machine has determined we are doing everything correctly, but each time we call Bosch to report that the machine still does not work, they act live we've never called before and start the same aggravating, time-wasting routine.  Their customer service reps' attitudes are very defensive, no doubt because they are handling nothing but complaints about quality all day long.  BUY ANOTHER BRAND, ANY OTHER BRAND!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:11:59	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
55955852	I am so frustrated.  The inside, plastic tub cracked after 2.5 years of use.  I wrote to Whirlpool and they did not return an email.  My new dishwasher now has a stainless steel tub and lifetime warranty on its tub.[...] 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:19:30	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	plastic tub defect	true
79121293	This is my second Danby.  The first dishwasher I used for 7 years and it worked great.  The newer model is very easy to use and cleans the dishes great.  My only problem is the bowls.  I've tried at least  10 different shapes of bowls and as of yet, I haven't found one that fits. Otherwise very good machine and great if a large dishwasher won't fit. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:19:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
52459895	Pros:  Size, of course - that's why you're looking at it.  It seems to wash very well, with three loads through it so far and everything's come out clean with varying degrees of prep cleaning.  Quiet - despite being on an entirely wooden and hollow counter, it is suprisingly quiet.  You can hear it, of course, but you can have a phone conversation standing closer than two feet away from the unit.  It's inexpensive.  It comes with all the hardware you need unless you have some specialized faucet in your kitchen.Cons:  The manual is horrendous - I still have no clue what the indicators are on the cycle selector knob, and what they mean.  You also have very little idea as to by what miracle of engineering you can fit the alleged four full place settings in the unit.  It says, and I'm not kidding, four dinner plates, four salad plates, four bowls, four glasses, two serving spoons, and some other stuff I can't remember will all fit in the unit at once.  Ummm.... no.  Not that I'd want to overload the unit, anyway, but you couldn't if you tried.  My chief complaint is that there is too much space between the wires on the bottom of the rack, and you have to be exceedingly careful how to stack items in it, or they'll fall through and render the spinning cleaning unit immobile.  I had to open the unit up twice the first time I used it to rearrange the items so that they wouldn't do this.Overall, not a bad unit.  Crap internal rack, and a manual that's basically worthless in three languages, but otherwise not a bad unit.We'll see how it holds up in light of all the previous reviews. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:19:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	unclear instructions, design complaints	true
86829190	This is an awesome Dishwasher.  I use a rinse agent and finish pod.  The dishes come out spotless and dry.  Adjustable racks are great.  Beautiful design. Easy to clean outside, but have to keep up as you can see all water marks, but no biggie for me. The outside is not real stainless..just the look of, but looks real. One thing it does that is differentis it plays a little tune when it's done....Oh...technology! Plus, LG are my initials...LOL. Buy it, you'll love it!  Better than the Kitchenaid I replaced it with.  I have only had it a week...hope I feel the same in the future. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:19:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
64660338	I bought this portable dishwasher because I do not have a large kitchen.  This dishwasher does a GREAT JOB!!!!!!  I washed my old Revereware copper bottom pot and the copper came out bright and shiny!!!  Stainless steel also came out very shiny!  The dishwasher has the ability to soften its own water with dishwasher salt.  Even though I have City water I ordered the salt from Amazon.com. I ordered the Whirlpool salt.  The dishwasher is quiet.  Other reviews comment on its long cycle time (about 2 hours).  After hand washing all my dishes for the past 15 years. This is not an issue with me.  The timing is less than properly hand washing dishes and pots.  My only complaint is the faucet adapter has a small opening for water to flow through.  This causes water to splash when washing my hands.  However, this machine is worth the splash.  I just had to get used to setting the faucet on low.My BIG complaint is like other reviewers, the instruction manual is awful... I am thankful there are You Tube videos to help me the first time I used the dishwasher.  My big problem was I did not realize that when the red lights were blinking it meant the dishwasher was running.  Green light means it is turned on.  And as with any dishwasher, open the dishwasher when cycle is completed (it will beep 7 times). This will assist in releasing steam and will help dry the dishes.  Also, if you are new to owning a dishwasher, always remove the  clean dishes from the bottom rack first. This is in case items on the top rack has nooks and crannies that pool a little water.In a nutshell BUY THIS DISHWASHER! But, watch videos on how to run, as the Instruction Manual is not helpful! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:19:30	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	faucet adapter defect, instruction manual complaint	true
14682092	The unit started leaking and then quit functioning after about a year. Up to then it worked okay. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:24:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	leaking complaint, unreliable (stopped working) complaint	true
27632552	This was installed in a new apartment complex, and this unit lasted for two days of occupancy before it stopped working, giving an error message. I had to replace with another machine (different brand) as this was a waste of money. I feel like I was robbed. I will never buy an appliance made by Danby again, and I will never purchase from Amazon either.All appliances should have a 1 year warranty for repairs, and you should be able to have this covered by the Amazon purchases as well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:24:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint (stopped working)	true
81570160	My apartment did not come with a dishwasher, so after failing to keep up with dish washing by hand I purchased this counter-top model. Overall, I am glad to have it and it works well enough. But it is not perfect by any means.Size. There is only 16 clearance between my counters and the upper cabinets, so this did not fit. I had to place it right beside my sink, partially obscuring the window. I knew this before ordering, so it wasn't a surprise. But make sure you look at the dimensions and measure you space carefully to make sure you have room before ordering. That said, even with it's awkwardly large size for counter-top placement, it is quite tight inside. The upper rack is tall enough only for small teacups and 4 ounce juice glasses. Since I rarely use either of these things, it is not all that helpful to me. The spot behind the plates is also weird: too narrow for most glasses or mugs, too wide for more plates, and when I have tried putting things like mixing bowls there they do not clean properly.Cleaning: I have found that this only cleans properly on the highest pots and pans setting. The other two options do not remove all food particles. Some food (like eggs) will not come off on any setting. Even when the food does all come off, it is often redeposited. Little flakes of dried food are often found on items after cleaning and need to be rewashed. This is a particular problem for items placed in corners. Using a rinse aid (like Jet-dry) does not help.Even with these issues, I'm glad I bought it. It does save effort and by running it once a day, my 2 person family can easily keep up with the dishes (pots and pans still need to be done by hand, they don't fit). I have been using it for 2 months now and have not have any problems with leaks. The cycle takes about 3 hours and is not all that loud to me (although I am used to older '70s and '80s era built-ins, not the modern quieter ones). One cycle only uses about 3 gallons of water - less than I would use if washing by hand. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:24:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	external size complaint, internal size complaint, cleanliness complaint,	true
32199494	We bought this 6 months ago along with the LG refridgerator 28CF French Door.THe fridge is awesome - but the dishwasher just looks nice.It won't remove wet cereal from bowls - you just wipe goo off with your finger of the still wet dishes after a full 2 hour cycle.It is quiet, plays a little jingle when done and looks pretty = but the dog licking your dishes will get them cleaner.  LG makes nice TV's and Fridges but they make a pitiful dishwasher 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:24:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
32411118	To #34;save#34; money, kitchenaid offers an extended warranty then the technicians they send don't know what they're doing.  Our machine is less than 4 years old, we'll be replacing it this month because of $200+ repairs each year for the past three years. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:24:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	unclear review, but they replaced dishwasher so most likely a performance defect of some sort	true
70579774	This purchase was great for me, very efficient and clean. One of my best investments. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:29:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
43720746	I bought this for my son, he would never do his own dishes at his apartment.  With limited counter space this dishwasher fit perfect under the cabnets and beside the sink.  He uses it a couple times a week for the few dishes he has.  The dishwasher runs quite, uses less water than traditional sink washing, and get the dishes clean even after food has dried on.  The battle of making him do his dishes is over.  He Loves it !!  It came shipped in a few days in a very sturdy box, easy to set up with a quick connect to the sink.  This Company gets a high five for designing a product with ease in mind.  The only thing that the company could do is to send a sample of dishwashing detergent with it so you don't have to rush out to get some in order to use it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:29:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
38380584	It amazes me to see comments like these and that companies make no effort to fix their design problems. (21 1-star, 0 5-star) You remodel the kitchen and replace a still working but ugly 22 year old Kenmore, buy what you think is a quality Electrolux EIDW 6105GS1A dishwasher from Lowes (@ $1200.00), find that it washes dishes OK,  very pleased at the low noise level. Only to find out two years later you have an ambiguous error code that calls out multiple (and expensive) parts that may or may not fix the problem. I have a Drain Valve ($70.00) LED light error. I removed and disassembled the valve and re-soldered the coil wires (cold solder joint), reinstalled but still have the same problem. Applying 120 volts to the valve at the relay circuit board, I can see the switch making and breaking. So valve and wiring is working fine. Looking on the web, I find other things that can cause the same error. Water level switch (working), Control board ($117.00) Relay circuit board ($135.00) Turbidity sensor. ($35.00) What I have found is this Dishwasher is just not reliable and is very hard to work on. You have to remove it and lay it in it's back, and remove the bottom, to even see the parts. Now I see on Amazon and other sites where people have replaced all these parts, multiple times. I should have looked here before I bought. However Amazon is not the only web site that list multiple Electrolux complaints about this Dishwasher.So what do you do? Buy Frigidaire or Kenmore? Guess what! Frigidaire is made by the same people and Kenmore is made by no less than110. Whirlpool363. GE, LG461. Shunde Midea Mfg.465. Maytag587. DM (Frigidaire)630. Bosch665. WhirlpoolC110. InglisC363. CamcoNine manufactures. (Table of Kenmore manufactures with Sears dishwasher manufacturing model codes from:  [...])You can't even trust Consumer Reports or J.D. Power and Ass, as they recommend the same crappy brands and models I see listed here and other web sites as having continuing problems. I wish I had my old Dishwasher back. Maybe I could have painted it Stainless. Joe Fox, Panama City, FL 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:29:00	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint, drain valve , control board, turbidity sensor defect	true
59834977	This was perfect for a temporary living situation or where the location may change at the drop of a hat. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:29:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
34235754	it does not wash at all, glasses dirty all spotty, leaves a film on all dishes and glasses, I tried changing everything and nothing works. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:29:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
32237740	Loved this dishwasher until after a finished wash I noticed all the display lights were on. Tried to push all buttons to no avail. Called for service and was told the display part had a short...250.00 later and the part still hasn't arrived. Paid too much for a short to occur! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:32:21	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	electrical circuit defect, unreliable complaint	true
42033266	THIS IS EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW ABOUT THIS THING.I bought this same model dishwasher a few weeks ago from another retailer. This leads me to the reason I'm giving this particular product 4 stars - price. I paid far less for this thing after shipping.If you look for 10 minutes you can find this thing for about $400 shipped after tax. Not bad.I will be fair to Amazon though - if the shipped price of this goes down below $430 shipped (roughly what I paid), I will give back the 5th star.***I got this thing because I NEEDED IT BADLY. I was spoiled in one apartment that had an ok dishwasher, and of course, my parents own a Bosch.I searched long and hard for a good dishwasher. Apparently Whirlpool sucks - I stayed at a friend's place and this was confirmed. Then I came across this Danby.I've heard of Danby, but I don't know anyone who owns anything made by the company, aside from me now.***PERFORMANCE (this is why you're reading, right?):Excellent. I made some cheesy pasta 2 nights ago, and didn't clean it until I got the dishwasher. I INTENTIONALLY threw in pots, pans, glassware, and more that had a great deal of baked on, dried on, caked on filth.THERE WAS NO DEGREE OF ME PRE-CLEANING THIS STUFF. I thew it in as-is.I ran the cycle - something that had sat for literally about a month came out sparkling. Stuff from cheesy pasta night did the same.My only criticisms are as follows:-A butter knife with dried on melted cheese didn't clean off. I threw it in another cycle and it was sparkling-The Pots and Pans cycle doesn't really work right. This seems to be a common problem. I'm thinking that it's not a defect, but rather Danby needs you to conduct a non-intuitive step to assure that it gets past the first rinse cycle.-2.5 hours runs the entire wash, rinse, and dry cycle. The dry cycle lasts the longest, so pulling them out early isn't a big deal.-The detergent dispenser works well for me on every cycle but Pots and Pans. That being said, I don't have a problem with just throwing the tablet anywhere in the dishwasher and I get great results. I'll probably trade detergent with someone who likes the tabs and wants to get rid of powder or liquid.EASE OF USE:Good-Excellent. The frustrating parts are that since the drain is smaller than a normal dishwasher AND it has to pump waste water upward into a sink, the chances of hard water scaling is high. This is remedied by a salt pellet chamber. For $4 you get a 40 pound bag of water softener salt pellets and you have to fill up the chamber once in a while. It's not that bad - just remember to keep up on it. I believe it senses if there is salt present.The manual isn't very good, but it doesn't take long to realize how to work this thing. Read it once, and understand the intuitive aspects of a dishwasher and you'll be fine. If there's some funny extra step on how to run the Intensive Cycle (pots and pans), it's not in this manual.Portability. I really dislike having to push this right up against the sink. I will explore options to extend the short hoses. It's enough for most sinks, but I'd like to be able to tuck this in a specific corner of my kitchen and not have to move it around.Cleaning. You do have to dump the filter every once in a while. It comes in 3 parts - the primary filter (a screen that catches a lot of things), a coarse filter (it catches big things), and a fine filter (the last line of defense). This is a quick rinse in the sink.***Overall, I wanted something that cleaned well, could fit a few pots and pans, glasses, plates, and large bowls. The bonus is that it's also countertop space. My Microwave is going here and now I have actual countertop space for prepping food. This is a MUST for a medium sized kitchen that doesn't have a dishwasher. $400 + $30 in energy per year to run is great. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:32:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design complaint (subject to hard water scaling), functionality complaint (certain cycle does not work as well as user would like it to)	true
9951371	I purposely put VERY dirty dishes and pans with dried on eggs, gravy, oatmeal and other junk on them WITHOUT pre-washing just to see how much this dishwasher would get off. I was absolutely surprised when the cycle was done to find SPOTLESS dishes. So... not only does this dishwasher LOOK fantastic, it cleans EXTREMELY well.My last dishwasher was a Kitchen-aid and cost about half what this one did, but underneath, Kitchen-aid is Whirlpool junk and it started having problems just 5 years old. I have better things to do then replace a $600 dishwasher every 5 years. Do yourself a favor and get something that looks great and will LAST.Also, we thought the Kitchen-aid was quiet. We were WRONG! This Fagor is so quiet, you barely know it's on, and that is NOT an exaggeration!Fagor is best known for their COMMERCIAL level appliances and are made in Spain. I can attest this thing is rock solid, and installation was very easy. A cool feature is that the rear leg (for leveling the unit) is accessible from a port in the FRONT! How cool is that?I would recommend this dishwasher to ANYBODY who is tired of their Chinese made appliances breaking down so frequently.By the way, the look is great. It can be installed completely flush, there are NO logos or controls that can be seen from the front. It looks like a custom install, but fits in any standard, under-counter dishwasher opening.Here is a tip for drying: When the dishes are done, a little chime goes off. The drying is MUCH better if you crack open the door when it's finished to let the steam out. (Included in the installation kit are steel and vinyl steam protectors for your cabinets or counter tops if needed). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:32:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
88891757	A bit difficult to work with, you really have to work to get it on smoothly and get all the bubbles out.  Looks pretty good once it's on though. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:32:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	user difficulty complaint	true
38834178	I am an educated,retired, somewhat successful grandfather type. We bought this Samsung dishwasher from Loews at a good price,  they installed with a smile and within minutes...I walked into dishwasher hell.  The rack totally does not hold anything. Nothing upright or in any position.  Silverware?  Total joke; all dirty, all the time. Multiple calls to Samsung. Really nice people. Really nice. Like calling Moonies.  No help, no rack, no interest.  This dishwasher is affecting my life.  It is my oil spill. My healthcare.  No one deserves this. I take the dishes down to the creek.  I hate my dishwasher.  Gary 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:32:21	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	rack defect, cleanliness complaint	true
33856068	I have one of these. Bought it more than a year ago and it still works.Cleans the dishes if you load up to 4 sets. No, don't load all it recommends, or it does not clean.Pros:- countertop. fits my very small apartment- may be plugged onto the faucet, i.e. does not require direct water supply, but allows it if you prefer.- washes the dishes. wow!Cons:- very, very noisy.- Takes only 4 sets of dishes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
20004667	I have had my Maytag for 6 years and its performed great.Does a great job and its not too loud.I can have it going and talk on the phone or watch TV without beng distracted.I bought the least expensive unit, great value.The machine had a piece of plastic in the disposal when first installedMaytag sent out a repairman right away at no charge to me.I would recommend Maytag products to any of my friends 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
55456974	I had a Whirlpool dishwasher before this one.  It's labeled as a Kenmore Elite but it;s nearly identical to this model.  It's been ok.  I like the fact that I can fix things myself.  A Bosch is much more difficult to repair.But I noticed that Whirlpool has lowered it's qualiity in a few ways.  First the watter supply is now a plastic 3/4 garden hose style connector.  Previously this was a brass compression style connector..Also the old Whirlpool used a green LED to tell you that the cycle is complete.  The new dishwasher now has all blue LEDs so that you canno longer tell at a glance if the dishes are clean.  Before I didn't even need to turn on thr kitchen light. Now I turn on the light and have to walk right up to it to see which LED is lit up.Also Whirpool also claims that the silverware basket can be placed anywhere.  Well it can but if you move it off the door you will loose that space.In short Whirlpool has cheapened the design and construction and next time I'll be buying a Bosch.BTW: you will need a 3/4 garden hose to 3/8 compression right angle adapter to install this yourself.About four bucks at a hardware store. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
43486731	This is the first portable dishwasher that I've ever owned, so I don't know what to expect in comparison to other dishwashers, but this one seems to be great.  It definitely does the job, is easy and accessible.  I have to get new plates because the ones I have now are a little bit too big to fit.  (So if you love the dishes you have now, take measurements.)I would recommend. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81201767	I bought mine in 2003 and had absolutely no problems with it.I'm not sure why others had so many problems with the quick connect, unless Danby has changed it.  All you do is pull down the coupling, er 'bolt-like thing', put it up against the faucet and let the coupling 'bolt' go up.  That connects it tightly to the faucet.  Turn the water on and start the dishwasher.Once the washer is done, turn the water off.  Press the red button on the quick connect to release water in the hose and then pull down the coupling 'bolt' and take the hose away from the faucet.Like someone else mentioned, I did find it best to open the door immediately after the washer is finished.  It allows the steam to evaporate and the dishes dry thoroughly.I've found this machine to clean the dishes better than some big commercial models. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:34:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42953513	We've owned this dishwasher for one year. Four repair calls so far . . . one of those repairs was an installation error, so that's forgivable. But the other three were for leaks that caused the instrument panel to flash, with all lights blinking. The all lights blinking error is so common for this Electrolux dishwasher (just check the Internet) that, ta-da, it's part of the lore of the model. If you buy one, beware--you will likely undergo the same issue. Luckily we bought the extended four-year warranty or we'd be up a leaky dishwasher creek without a paddle. So every few months, it happens again, we call the repair service, they come and fix it, it works a few more months, ad nauseum. Whatever is up with this model, Electrolux needs to do better or they will face a class-action lawsuit. We paid $1000 for this defective dishwasher. Sadly, when the machine is working, I love it--it cleans effectively, it's whisper quiet, it's an EnergySaver, and it has a ton of features. C'mon, Electrolux--all that engineering you put into designing the thing and you neglect to make it leak-resistant? For shame. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:39:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
50436845	I loved this dishwasher initially as it cleaned well and held my larger items well.  Now less than two years later I am forced to replace it.  First the filter clogged up (repair man says too fine a mesh) then the pump died.  Lots of money for less than two years.  No more Whirlpool for me.  I am trying a Kitchen Aide and if that fails will get a used one without the large box that holds larger items, as repair man says this means smaller motor and they fail sooner. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:39:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71858652	This dishwasher is great. It easily holds 2 days of dishes for a family of five. Everything comes out super clean, except the silverware.  By having the silverware container on the door it saves lots of space for other items on the bottom rack and I love that. But the silverware often come out dirty. I'm sure this could be remedied by using a basket on the lower rack, but I haven't had the dishwasher long enough to play with other ideas.The buttons and lights are all on the TOP of the door.  I like this because I don't bump them by mistake, but depending on how your counter is built, you may not have enough room to view these once the door is shut. It does take a few extra seconds of my time to crouch down and peer between the granite and top of dishwasher when I am selecting the wash. My spouse really hates this feature.The only other concern is that it requires a $4 part to install that is NOT included. It took 7 Home Depot employees to find this part while I was in the middle of installing the dishwasher. Be prepared, go buy this before you begin install.  But really, Whirlpool should just include it.It runs smoothly and quietly, and for the price, I would buy it again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:39:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71302107	I must have used this Dishwasher for less than 20 times and the control panel gave up....Maytag would not take any responsibility for it and they were so rude that they would not come to look at it because the recall is on the heating element and if it is not operable, they will charge me $150.00 just for the visit. I would go back to the old style panel, because spending all this money for new technology is a total waste. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!! I WOULD NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING MAYTAG...SIMPLE!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:39:25	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
25109897	I just recieved my new dishwasher. It fills up with water, washes the dishes but wont drain. I guess the drain pump is broken. My multiple calls to the quot;Haier Customer Satisfaction Centerquot; are unanswered. Looks like it would be an interesting invention if it worked. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:39:25	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
17244797	Never had a dish washier before but this thing is really quiet, and I like that it can be set to run over night. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:39:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
48917636	This is a sharp dishwasher and works PERFECTLY !!I am so happy with this dishwasher and its very quiet running!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:39:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
61532308	I received this dishwasher as I was about to tackle the massive amount of dishes that had piled up in my sink. So, needless to say I was super excited. I set it right up. Set up was simple enough. Then loaded it and tried to run it. At first it would start up and then turn off. Reading the instruction manual revealed that most of the cycles required a #34;rinse aide#34; So I traveled to the store to pick up rinse aide and filled up the place for it hoping that would solved the problem. It didn't. The dishwasher #34;regular cycle#34; came on but it wouldn't do anything. It won't even turn off. I have tried everything and read the manual cover to cover. As has my boyfriend, my roommate's boyfriend and her dad. We can't get the dishwasher to do anything at all. I emailed the manufacturer and they promptly replied that the product must be defective and to try to return it to Amazon. I'm so frustrated with the whole situation because my heart was set on having a dishwasher. I will be returning the item and while this item was probably just defective and I could probably trade it for a working one. I can't risk the disappointment again so I will be ordering a different one. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:39:48	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	wiring/electrical defect , not working complaint	true
26015520	Washer is Great, we love how quiet it is,  But there was some shipping damage.  The Stainless steel door has 2 dents in it and the sound proofing on the side of the machine was broken off. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:39:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	damaged parts	true
83184295	It's perfect for what I needed I give it a 10 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:39:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
87444255	My 12 year old Miele dishwasher died so I ordered this Bosch as its replacement last month.  It arrived within a week and I installed it myself. The instructions were clear, the included parts were all I needed. Don't buy the installation kit that Amazon links to this item. I really doubt that it is needed. Perhaps because I the install was a replacement it went in easily and connected to all of the other connections; drain, supply, power.  The installers we talked to wanted $200 and I'm sure they could have done it faster. I saved some money and I upgraded some old plumbing components that I would not have focused on if I had not done the job myself. Its been a month and the unit works fine. Cleaning is first rate. It is super quiet and all of the buttons are conveniently hidden from view in the top of the door; visible when the door is open. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:42:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
18680764	I wish I had the option for no stars or for gremlins or something.The life story of my Samsung dishwasher:Broken temperature sensorLeakBroken drainage pumpNoisy MotorBroken MotorLeak (Again)Noisy Motor (Again)Broken Motor (Again)Leak (Third time)Samsung is incredibly difficult to get warranty (or paid) service from. Right now I'm waiting for the 6th week to hear back from them on the current leak.This unit and the company are complete crap. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:42:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint, leak sensor, drain pump, motor defects	true
62660312	I do agree that the racks are a little awkward. I haven't had any major issues with my dishes being clean. Once in a while I'll pull out something that didn't get too clean, but i 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:42:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	cleanliness and design complaints	true
74438007	We have a Miele Dishwasher and we use the Dishwasher Detergent tabs.  These tabs always work well.  They leave the dishes clean, no residue and easy to place in the dishwasher detergent compartment. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:42:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
24711483	I bought my Frigidaire dishwasher last year. It washes fine although I usually only use #34;normal#34; setting so I cannot comment about all the other settings. It is super quiet which was my highest priority. BUT, the bottom rack is constantly falling on the track and really hard to refit once it falls off because the rack is full and heavy. It might be partially because the dishwasher is against one wall so we are standing to the right of the dishwasher when we push in the rack so the force is coming from the side. We usually wait until the racks are full before putting the dishwasher on and I think that the rack cannot take the weight of these dishes. We have cafeteria weight Ridgeway Made in England dishes. We do not overload but we do use up almost every slot before running the dishwasher. Almost every load creates a weightlifting struggle with the bottom shelf. Dishwashers should be able to handle various styles of dishware. Second problem: Within months, the cutlery basket had first one hole, then another. Cutlery slides down so now we have to avoid these sections of the basket. Now another two holes in the cutlery basket have occurred despite our attempts to make sure that all blades are up (not downwards) in the basket etc. I have had three other dishwashers (all eliminated because of mechanical failures not worth fixing, one of which never washed well-not this brand) but I have never run into holes in the cutlery basket before. Nor have I ever run into the problem with the bottom rack going into the dishwasher. So, these are definitely design and material flaws rather than just personal use or abuse. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:42:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint, rack and cutlery holder defects	true
49779678	I bought this dishwasher to install in my motor home.  Space was a major issue and this was one of the few that would fit.  Loading plates, glasses, and flatware is very easy.  Odd items like bowls or baking dishes are much more difficult to fit well.Pros:Washes very wellLow water usageFlexible loading optionsQuietLocking drawer (locks when RV is underway)Cons:Long cycle timesFilter has to be cleanedSmall capacity compared to full sized unitsInstallation was very easy.  Cabinet preparation was the bulk of the work.  Once the cabinet was ready it slid right in and the connections made. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
52680732	Works great #60; Easy to hook up .fits great  works for a house hold of 4 , we do one load a day! Love it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86465887	Awesome little washer for my apartment. Have had it a few months and still going strong, BUT I had to connect it like a real washer because I don't have the faucet type it required for hookup. Thankfully that wasn't too hard. DOES NOT WORK WITH SINGLE SPRAYER ALL IN ONE FAUCETS! 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
20297634	Performance-wise, the only good thing about this machine is that it's super quite. Unlike our ten-year old Maytag, it's barely inaudible...however, also unlike our Maytag, it has mediocre cleaning performance. Nothing but Power Scrub mode will get all of the dishes clean all of the time, and that's still not even a guarantee. I can't count the number of times under normal wash that a pot has come out of the machine still dirty...pots placed face-down, unobstructed at the bottom of the machine in direct line with the spray nozzles. These aren't hard baked-on stains either. These are stains that require a gentle scrub from the soft side of a sponge to get rid of. Same goes for various silverware and cooking utensils.This model's mediocre Normal mode cleaning is barely offset by its silent operation and stainless-steel/aluminum construction. However, factor in the price and you end up with a dishwasher with a poor price/performance ratio. I can't speak for the other LG models. Hopefully, they fare much better than this one. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:45:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59455182	Great bang for your buck. I would say it is a little loud. It does not include any insulation on the body. Adding sound insulation will drastically reduce noise. The capacity is also slightly less than I expected but not so much that it is a real problem. The wash quality is definitely superior to my old model (from the 80s). I like that it has a guide tube so you are less likely to block the spray head that pops up from below. This unit also seems to leave the dishes on the top shelf pretty wet. The unit does not include water-in hookups, only waste water out hookups are included. Another thing to note is that the unit is very light, maybe ~30 pounds, so it is easy to maneuver into position which is good because the delivery service provided for this unit only gets it to the front of your house, Overall I am very happy to have this machine and do not regret the purchase. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:45:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
86439073	I've only had it for 3 weeks now but I love it.  The dishwasher works like a dream, just the right size for 2 people in a location with limited space.  There are now 2 others in our park! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:45:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
74357614	We got this dishwasher (brand new) already installed in our kitchen when we closed our new home. It would not wash/clean as good as our older previous dishwashers. It would also not make water as hot. After a year, while still under warranty, it stopped working. They provided free service (don't remember what was wrong). A year later we were getting close to the end of extended warranty, so asked them for another service. The guy said these machines do not make hot water like other machines because they are made to conserve energy! He instructed us to hook it to hot water tab and make sure we empty the cold water first to lead hot water into the machine! He also said these machines need specific (high efficiency or something) detergent to wash like other machines!! Also, he said if you'd like it to wash like other machines, you have to put it on the highest/longest degree of washing schedule!!!We did it like he said then, it would wash rather okay. A year later, one day it just decided to not run at all. Since then we've been doing dishes with hand, looking for money to buy a new one. This machine is not worth spending to service it again. I will NOT buy another GE washer. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:45:48	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	not up to user standards complaint, unreliable complaint, not working complaint.	true
30979624	I researched counter top dishwashers and I found that this one was one of the cheaper ones and had great reviews.  It works almost as good as a real dish washer.  Easy to set up and run.  I didn't follow the map that it shows you in the instructions on how to place your dishes and it still worked great for me.  Obviously rinsing off the dishes well before putting them helps quite a bit, but we did have some really dirty pans and it surprised me with how well it cleaned them.  Our plates wound up being to big, but they were over sized. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:45:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
83022882	It is larger than I thought it would be which I guess is a good thing.  Great for the price.  Does what it was expected to do.  Would recommend for anyone who is space crunched or just wants an economical alternative to a dishwasher and installation, etc.Great for sterilizing and really cleaning baby bottles, bowls, etc.  Definitely recommend. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:45:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
55588652	Pools of water in dishwasher, items come out spotted and wet, and if not used daily then it begins to smell and mold begains to grow.  Service guy has been out and on the phone with Maytag tech which told him that is the way the dishwasher is suppose to work.  Our service guy is just as discussed as I am.  Maytag tells us that they do not have a replacement policy so now I have spent close to $700 on a dishwasher that does not work and is a health hazard!!!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:45:48	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	smell complaint, cleanliness complaint, internal flood complaint	true
16200840	The instructions were a bit sparse, and I had to spend an hour at Home Depot looking for an adapter (I have an old sink).  It doesn't do well on really dirty dishes, but if you give them a cursory rinse in the sink, this thing gets em clean.  I like it a lot! 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	Hard to set up and need to scrub dishes before washing	false
86193777	I bought this a long time ago when I lived in my studio apartment, and I ended up selling it within a few months. It barely holds any dishes, but it takes up a huge amount of space. It would blow my circuit breaker when I tried to use it and would clog up extremely easily. The draining system is very poor, and the alarm constantly goes off for seemingly no reason. Save your money. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:46:49	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63775263	We bought this double drawer after having it come highly recommended.  Hubby loved how quiet it cycled; for about a month.  I felt the dishwasher failed miserably to clean dishes.  Then came the failure notices.  We had to have the drawers serviced time after time.  Six total in two years.  They flooded, they jammed, they failed to operate.I recommend waiting on these new designs until well after they have been tested and then read, read, read.  The best advice came from Consumer Reviews which recommended the drawer dishwasher only for under the wet bar to clean drink glasses.  I agree.  We cook, we bake, we USE our kitchen and need a dishwasher that functions all day long. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:46:49	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Drawers	false
80480640	Bought if for my mom it was a little tall for her cabinets but it just took a little trimming to make it fit. Perfect size for two poeple 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19520011	Love this machine! LOVE IT. I have been 5 years without a dishwasher and this little thing is perfect for me and my husband.There are issues. If you don't have a well you'll have no clue why there's a salt reservoir, and with the crappy manual you'll have to read the reviews that tell you that the white topped, clear middle, screw off cap on the left is where you put salt into the bottom pan. Then you'll have to learn that the salt you need is only sold in 40 lb bags (minimum) at Home Depot which isn't a big deal if you are like me and have a well and buy that stuff all the time. For those who are curious look at the user uploaded pictures, I've got a bag of pellet salt that you'll need and my brine tank that needs to be cleaned. X(EDIT: As of today I have filled the brine tank of the dishwasher to the top and the salt light is off!As for cleaning, it works, it has a stainless steel interior which will keep it from stinking after a few years of hard labor. Bad side: it takes 3 hours to clean however you can pause the wash and throw something in and let it go again. To pause, just press the start button on the right, the wash will stop and you can open the door. To start again just press the start button, there will be a 5-7 sec lag, don't be worried. :)Of note: the top washer arm isn't meant for hard cleaning so don't put a nasty pot up there or it'll need another go, or you could bite the bullet and clean it yourself you pampered snooty pants.If you're single or it's just you and your partner this is the right machine for you. It can handle a small party for dishes or a good large meal of pots. But if you have 5 kids and a lazy husband who can't rinse out a cup you're going to need a built in washer.Edit: Another issue. There is a shallow dip in the soap dispenser cap for pre-cleaning. I have found that the globules of soap land on my dishes and don't wash off well. It leave a white residue after the wash is over. It's easy to remove since it's only soap but now I put pre-wash soap on the lower part of the door. I'm not sure if that decreases the effectiveness of the pre-wash but it solved the white stain problem.Edit: I was having an issue with a screeching noise at the beginning of the wash cycle. I thought it was an internal component, a belt or some such. I found later that my lower washer arm is a little loose. Once I detached and re-attached the lower washer arm the noise ceased. It still cleans wonderfully and I have yet to clean the washer arms, but I am very careful to never put dishes in the washer that have large chunks of debris on them. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:46:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Pre-wash dispenser & washer arm	false
55893969	I bought this for my grandmother who I take care of. It is a bit big but it washer dishes beautifully. Easy hook up comes with the plumbers tape and all connectors. She can use it at 72 and after a stroke so it's eay to use and she doesn't have to bend because it sit on the counter. Highly recommend. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:49:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
41184834	We purchased our dishwasher two years ago (Model MDBH955AWB).  After thirteen months of ownership the control panel failed and, of course, was no longer under warranty. The replacement panel(repair cost $266) began showing signs of failure six months after repair and finally it, too, has failed.  When searching the net, I've found other have had the same problem.  This product is a piece of junk. I am replacing it today.  I will never buy another Maytag product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:49:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel defect, not working complaint	true
71467492	After a lot of research into 18 dishwasher options, we went with the Danby Designer 18. It got better reviews than most of the name brands we were familiar with and it was a heck of a lot cheaper too!Our install was a breeze (of course, we had a plumber do it - he commented on what a nice unit it was too, with the built in water softener option), and dishes come out clean and spotless!Others have commented on the long cycle time - yes, normal cycle is over two hours long, but we haven't had to use that cycle in order to get dishes clean  - the rapid cycle of 35 minutes seems to get everything clean for us, glasses, bowls, etc. I'm sure when we have more heavy duty cleanup required, we'll use some of the other cycles, but either way, it works great.If you are short on space, I highly recommend this unit!****edited 7/21*****We've had this unit for just over three months and we're now receiving an error code (E1) which is preventing the unit from completing the cycle. It's been nearly two weeks of dealing with Danby customer service to try to get a technician out to our home under warranty. First, they had me call some authorized service depots in our area, all of which told me they don't service Danby unless I bought it from them, then they said they'd dispatch a technician to me, but that request was cancelled by dispatch since there were adequate options for service depots in my area. Getting a little frustrated!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:49:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	code defect	true
56071219	We have had this Thermador model for almost 1 year and absolutely love it.  Very, very quiet and it really cleans the dishes.  This is a great unit and it seems to be very solidly built - highly recommended. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:49:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
56956504	I bought this dishwasher in 2009 and I love it! It is still going strong. I have never had a problem. It is quiet and efficient. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:49:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
82235695	WE have this problem on our Maytag lower rack wheels kept falling off. We had extended Service warranty from Lowes which did not help us any. Lowes gave us trouble. Two lessons do not buy US made ****, buy Samsung or Bosch. Two, do not buy from a company that give you trouble after selling you extended service warranty. Which includes Lowes and Best Buy. I will not darken the Appliance departments of these two companies ever. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:49:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
33529761	I am a 73-year-old divorced Male now living in an apartment. The dishes kept piling up in my sink because I have such a dislike for washing dishes. I even ended up using paper plates and plastic utensils  from time to time because I just didn't want to be bothered washing dishes.I ordered this dishwasher from Amazon and have not looked back since. It does a fantastic job cleaning even heavily soiled dishes.  It's so quiet that every now and again I would check to make sure is actually running and that's A big plus.  I heartily recommend this dishwasher for anyone who is looking to have clean dishes whenever they want them or whenever they need them.  I promise you that you will not be sorry you did.I forgot to mention in addition the dishes and glassware, it also does an excellent job with pots pans skillet etc. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32411118	To #34;save#34; money, kitchenaid offers an extended warranty then the technicians they send don't know what they're doing.  Our machine is less than 4 years old, we'll be replacing it this month because of $200+ repairs each year for the past three years. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:49:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
21791835	bought this thing years ago and it's still running like new.  Don't know if one can still by this model but I highly recommend it.  Was really worried when the box came because it was pretty beat up.  but I guess the packaging engineers must be good designers, the product works great! 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43330116	Works great, A little bigger then we thought it would be but still fits. So far it washes very well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31778407	I have been using this dishwasher for a few weeks and it's great. I didn't have any problem setting it up, except finding all of the pieces of tape inside. There isn't a real soap dispenser, just a notch in the door and it slides to the bottom when you close it, weird but still works.Only problem I have had so far is that the machine tripped the circuit breakers the first time I used it. I share electricity with another apartment and I can't use the blowdryer with the tv on:) If you have a similar set up, keep in mind you'll probably have to turn everything else off for 45 min while this is working. (I turn mine on just before bed, problem solved)I love this thing and my sink has been empty ever since, except the occasional pot and pan that is too big for the machine.Pros: works great, fit's in the tiny kitchen in my apartment. easy to use, even without reading the manual.Cons: Uses a lot of electricity, big bowls and plates hard to fit inside. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:51:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
81169925	First off, if you buy this thing, and your sink is to the right of the dishwasher, you're going to have to buy an extra long water line.  The clips that secure the unit to the underside of the counter wouldn't break on the scored line.  That took some cutting and drilling.  The kicker is that when I slid it under the counter, it cut a huge hole in my brand new vinyl floor.  Thanks samsung.  Now I have to replace my kitchen floor. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:51:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
78966862	Our landlady won't let us install a dishwasher, so my husband and I bought this as an alternative. We keep it on a rolling steel cart so we can easily move it into place and out of the way. So far, we haven't had any leaks or other issues, but there are a few tricks to get the most out of it.1) As another reviewer mentioned, it works best if you always use the pots and pans setting.2) It doesn't have a lot of power, so the dishes need to be rinsed well before they're loaded and shouldn't be left overnight before being washed.3) The cycle does indeed take a long time to complete, so we usually run it after dinner so it finishes right before we go to bed.4) When it's done, there's still some water left in the hose, so we rest the hose in a plastic bin on the bottom shelf of the cart to let it drain.5) And yeah, it's kinda noisy, but as apartment-dwellers, we've only ever had old, crappy, noisy dishwashers, so we don't notice the difference.6) We don't have as much flexibility in how we load it as we would with a larger machine. It handles standard place settings well, but doesn't have room for bulkier things like large prep bowls, large cutting boards, and pots and pans. I wouldn't recommend it for families because of its limited space.I know that sounds like a lot of negatives, but they're all fairly minor. The machine takes care of most of our dishes, and we do the rest by hand. We love it for saving us from the tedium of doing everything ourselves. I can see how this machine would be a disappointment if you're used to having a full-sized dishwasher, but if you're used to hand-washing, it's a huge help. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:51:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
52378943	I don't like this washer it never seems to clean my dishes if the littlest thing is on a dish when it goes in the machine it come out that way. I've had it almost a year and I'm very disappointed it newair. will never buy one again 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:51:55	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
22035042	The first dishwashers had a dent on the top. We contacted Edge Star. We had a replacement unless than a week. The dishwasher is so quite we forget it running until it drains. For a family of three it is great. It gets the dishes quite clean. The company customer service is very professional. 	agilay	10-26-2015 12:51:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34467892	Small but perfect for the space I have available. Works great, very quiet. Some reviewers said they needed another faucet part to put the adapter on but I didn't have any trouble at all. Good qualily for the price. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:52:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
34507627	This piece matches my dishwasher perfectly. It fits just like an original piece that came with the machine. I have a Kenmore. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:52:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
50585909	This was one of the worst investments that I have ever made.  The dish drawers are very unique in their exterior design.  That is what caught my eye.  I started having problems about two month later after purchasing them.  It was under warranty but no one in my area could fix them.  The company is not very helpful either.  From now on, I will play it safe and stick with Kenmore or Kitchenaid. At least technicians are familiar with repairing them, and believe this, you will need repairs with the Fisher Paykel models. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:52:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unreliable complaint	true
46306522	I hate washing dishes, but have lived in apartments without a dishwasher for years now.  I didn't know that countertop dishwashers existed, but I came across this on amazon and based on the reviews decided to give it a shot.  I live by myself so the size and capacity is perfect.  My kitchen is small, but it takes up just a little more space than my old dish drying rack did.  I've only used it a few times, but I'm in love!  I make sure that the water is hot before I attach the hose and have had no problems with dishes not coming out clean and it runs very quietly. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:52:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
74505187	Ok First and foremost anyone complaining about how the dishes aren't always clean or dry has obviously not used a dishwasher before. Yes if you don't rinse the dishes they don't get clean but I've had full size dishwashers that thisis also true. you do need to use Jet dry or something similar with this one or else the dishes are still wet.In general I've had this washer for 3 weeks and I'm in love with it, it does a great job and once you learn the washing settings it doens't take a rally long time.the noise other people complain about....well it's called the noise a dishwasher makes.....If you are short on space and have 1 or 2 ppl in the house this is the perfect dishwasher for you!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:52:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
90389617	This is dissapointing given the price point.  Should have heeded Consumer Reports and gone with a Kenmore.  I bought from a local distributor, who said this was made by Bosch for Thermador.  This Amazon page says it is made by GE.  No idea which is correct.  In any case, power just gave out after exactly 3 years.  Warranty has expired, and Thermador wants $99 just to come look at it for 18 minutes, and will give an estimate to repair if they they can diagnose within that 18 minutes.  Not sure it is worth the hassle. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:53:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
17962760	My parents purchased a maytag 4 years ago and have had serious problems with the inside racks rusting since purchase (the plastic/rubberized coating has failed in numerous places).  Calls to Maytag have been met with indifference.  Their customer service is atrocious... I cannot understand what has happend to this once quality name. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:53:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
9536857	actually cleans REALLY well! was very impressed w/it's performance! purchased for an office break room.bulky!!! not for a small kitchen. I'm putting it on a cart to be able to move it out of the way.Very disappointed in the flimsyness of the sink connector though. I have a full sized portable dishwasher at home. The little red button (which allows you to bypass for water) is VERY, VERY, VERY light weight. but it's not given any issues so far. but, as a precaution, i'm being VERY, VERY, VERY gentle with it. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:53:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83184295	It's perfect for what I needed I give it a 10 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:53:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73411706	I bought this item online (not from Amazon), and when I received it I could see that the packaging was a bit roughed up.  It seemed that it might have been dropped on the front upper left corner, as it was subtly dented there and it difficult to open the door.  Well, I decided to give it a whirl anyway, and after a few minutes, warm water started pouring out of the front panel!  Oh noo!Well, that was the bad news, but here's the good news: The customer service rep at EdgeStar I spoke to was amazing! The rep was very quick, easy to talk to, and immediately determined that the water pump must have been damaged during shipment (no hold time either).  In minutes I had a code to give to the company I purchased the unit from, so I called them up, gave them the code (no hold time either), and they instructed me to pack the unit back up and put it on the porch for UPS.  The next day, UPS came to pick it up.  Amazing!So, I'm pretty impressed with their service!  I've lived overseas and was amazed that in many countries, this would be considered the absolute minimum in customer service.  But as an American company, EdgeStar has completely exceeded my expectations, making me dream of a better tomorrow where things actually work, and if they don't someone takes responsibility and fixes it! Kudos EdgeStar! 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:53:45	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	Could've been damaged during shipping, but customer service was great	false
62032536	This dishwasher is AWFUL! We bought a home this year with this dishwasher in it, and let me tell you, all I've had is issues. The dishwasher does not fully dry the dishes. I'm not talking about a little bit of water, I'm talking puddles of water on the bottom rack dishes EVERY time I run it, and it's set on heat dry so it should be DRYING the dishes. All the water that is still on the dishes then drips down to the bottom of the dishwasher and just sits there until I run it again, unless I manually drain it. My dishes come out as follows- 50% clean (although they still need to be dried if they are on the bottom rack), 25% still dirty (the dishwasher couldn't clean them even though they were rinsed ahead of time), 25% (top rack) look cleaned, but have dried dishwasher detergent on them along with what looks like food remnants, so they are dirty too. Pretty gross if you ask me, and sad that only 50% of my dishes actually come out clean. The other day I ran my dishwasher, went to unload it, and the compartment that holds the soap was still closed with the soap inside. It never even opened, and so my dishes weren't cleaned with detergent and had to be run AGAIN. I called customer service a few months after moving in to ask for help with these issues. I figured the dishwasher must be really old since it was having these issues, and wouldn't be under warranty. Guess what!? The 1 year warranty had just expired a week before I had called. So this dishwasher was having major issues, less than a year after it was purchased. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:54:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	soap dispenser defect	true
22377761	Love it! For the price, you can't beat it! I've been hammering mine since I got it about a week ago and it has been running like a champ, no complaints. The dishes all come out nice and clean, it seems to do exactly as you would expect, and a bit more. To say that I'm pleased is an understatement. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:54:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
56423139	DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASTER!I have owned this dishwasher for about a year now.The good:  Extremely Quiet!The bad:  Worst cleaning dishwasher I have ever owned at any price (been using dishwashers for 25 years)  Buy a Bosch or KitchenAid if you want a quiet dishwasher that can also clean.  Does not dry the dishes, even when using heat dry.  Leaves a film on the dishes (even with a rinse agent) that ruins your dishes.  I am replacing the dishwasher and all my dishes this week. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:54:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
9536857	actually cleans REALLY well! was very impressed w/it's performance! purchased for an office break room.bulky!!! not for a small kitchen. I'm putting it on a cart to be able to move it out of the way.Very disappointed in the flimsyness of the sink connector though. I have a full sized portable dishwasher at home. The little red button (which allows you to bypass for water) is VERY, VERY, VERY light weight. but it's not given any issues so far. but, as a precaution, i'm being VERY, VERY, VERY gentle with it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:54:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
77611446	love this dishwasher! i live in a one bedroom so this is perfect for me. jsut beware it's REALLY heavy. just taking it out of the box was a pain for me, so i ended up buying a rolling cart to drag this to and from my closet when not in use. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:54:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	weight complaint	true
81869200	We have two homes and had the wonderful experience of having to replace the old GE dishwasher in both of them this year. The first one replaced was still working fine but was ten years old and a few tines that hold the dishes had rusted through and fallen off on both racks. We figured it was time to replace and spent many hours on the net reading reviews. There are tons of positive reviews for this unit, especially on the Whirlpool site. We bought the black version with every option including power scrub and movable tines. The first couple of loads were completely wet on the Eco cycle dry. Adding rinse agent solved the problem however. We were very happy with the sound level, speed and cleanliness of the dishes. We used the normal cycle, heat dry and Cascade Complete.Six months later, the other unit, also ten years of age, was leaking water from the motor housing. Having had such a great experience, we ordered the exact model but in white to match appliances. While the first few loads appeared okay, soon we noticed a substantial amount of mineral buildup on the glasses and dishes. The inside of the tub and racks began to look as if they had gone through a fifty year life there was so much buildup including food and a greasy film. We tried different brands of cleaners, both gel and powder, and different rinse agents. After reading review after review online, we discovered it was NEW GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS that had appeared to have destroyed our wonderful new dishwasher!!!1) First, the federal government passed legislation that required extremely low levels of energy and water consumption.2) Not to be outdone, 17 States then passed laws outlawing all phosphates in residential, but not commercial, dishwashers. The detergent manufacturers responded by removing phosphates from all brands in every state.3) Municipalities didn't like to be left out so some decided to outlaw water softeners.Remember our first wonderful experience. There, we have treated city water at 7 grains of hardness AND we run a water softener. Low levels of phosphate free detergent work just fine in that situation. The second home has treated city water which is extremely hard, has no water softener nor can we install. The new no-phosphate cleaners, which includes Cascade Complete, will not work. Ever. End of story.We resolved our problem with three things. We ordered Cascade Professional from Amazon. It has phosphates!! Before using, we cleaned our dishwasher with a product called Dishwasher Magic which restored the interior to like-new appearance. We use low amounts of the Cascade Professional with Finish Jet Dry rinse. Finally, we use the Sensor setting. This setting will raise the water temperature if the incoming water temp is too low.We literally spent days trying to resolve this issue. We probably washed ten loads while experimenting, hours on the phone and internet searching for answers and wasted money on a variety of products. I could rant for an hour on how little respect I have for the politicians that made us waste our time and resources trying to figure this out. Unfortunately, I couldn't rant without the use of foul language and the curse, May they all eat from grimy, encrusted, greasy, foul looking dishes and drink from cloudy, spotted glasses. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:55:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	Replaced old dishwasher with same one and new gov regulations led to less effective washer	false
40451577	I bought a home and had to replace the dishwasher when I moved in.  This is what I bought and I wish I could go back and kick myself...It's just under two years old.  The warranty is only good for ONE YEAR.  In the past year or so, I noticed a foul odor coming from somewhere near the dishwasher.  It wasn't inside of the dishwasher so I could never find it.  I thought it was wafting in from outside or something...WRONG.  It was leaking under the dishwasher and there was rancid water just stagnating under there for months and I had no clue.  Turns out the PUMP AND MOTOR had water running through it and it was slowly leaking out.  I did notice the motor sounded kinda loud but I figured it was something I'd have to live with.  I'm not a huge complainer and it wasn't affecting me all that much so I didn't think anything of it.  THIS THING IS LESS THAN TWO YEARS OFF THE FLOOR OF LOWE'S.The guy who looked at it said to me you know, the repairs alone are going to cost over half what you paid for this dishwasher and frankly, it's disposable.  If I were you, I'd get a new one and be done with it.  WTF? Seriously?? Disposable??  I did not slap down this much cash for some hunk of junk to crap the bed before it was even 2 years old.I'll never ever buy another Frigidaire or Electrolux (I have another story with Electrolux...ugh!) product again.  Also, when you research these things for purchase, make sure you check out who the company is.  Some of these companies are connected by tentacles and umbilical cords.  They work together to screw us over.  Be smart, do your homework and stay the hell away from these companies.DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS HUNK OF GARBAGE! Things like this should DEFINITELY last more than two years.  What the hell has happened to quality and craftsmanship? 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:55:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	Smell and Leaking	false
52301561	Anyone wanting to buy an LG appliance, PLEASE STAY AWAY. I bought this POS dishwasher just 2 years ago, and now it has died. No power when you turn it on. Had it diagnosed and was told that the Electronic Control Board is dead. The part itself costs around $160, not including whatever the labor cost would be... I assume the total repair cost to be around half the purchase price of this worthless box!!! Before it died, I also had problems with the mounting bracket, probably made out of aluminum foil... cause it kept breaking off!! Plus, dishwasher didn't drain all the water at the end of it's cycle. I had to take a cup, along with soaking a rag at the bottom of the dishwasher and wringing it out, just to get the water out each and everytime I did a load. And yes, LG Customer NO Service, I checked to make sure the drainhose was not kinked or clogged.... it's just that the product is a plain POS that's all. Please see all other reviews, I'm not the only one with these horrid experiences. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:55:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	control board and mounting brackets	false
34036441	Like many other unsatisfied customers, we bought this dishwasher to match the new Samsung Refrigerator (which is not that great either), not because we needed it.  We purchased our Samsung DMR78AHS in Mar 2010 and we have had nothing but problems with it ever since.  Before, we had a Whirlpool...It was not pretty or stainless steel, but it did not give us any problems in the six years we owned it.  Since we have had this beautiful Samsung, we have had it serviced three times (thanks to the extended warranty). We have had to replace the adjusting left and right levers, twice, because the piece that holds it in place breaks off then clog the dishwasher, which causes it to give you the SE code (Drain error), which renders the dishwasher useless. Although this sound like a simple problem...IT IS NOT!  This SE code requires you to call a professional to come and fix, so if you do not have the extended warranty, you will be paying big bucks to unclog you dishwasher often. Now we have to replace the upper rack because it is rusting.  Why is something that is suppose to be wet almost all the time RUSTING... I am sooo annoyed.  We payed over $800 for this beautiful piece of crap.  If we had is all to do over again, instead of trying to match everything, we will do more research and read more reviews before purchasing appliances. Samsung, love your TV's but as far is appliance go... you missed the mark! 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:55:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	levers	false
53552840	At first hook-up, it was leaking all over the counter, but as the instructions indicated, I threaded teflon tape around each set of threads ( intake  waste ) and we haven't had a leak yet.  Its used at least once each day to wash baby bottles.  It has saved my wife's hands from washing all the bottles in the sink.  Its also built very nicely with a stainless steel interior and powder coated exterior.  I'd recommend this to anyone who doesn't have the room for a dishwasher but could use the help.  It also had more room inside than I thought.  We can wash 6 bottles and at least 4 place settings comfortably. 	meg13	10-26-2015 12:55:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65789248	Purchased this DW in April 2011 and have had problems from the begining. Have replaced 2 control panels and the gasket around the control panel and still broke down again. Repair person thinks there is a design flaw since there is no proper venting system for the steam which is getting into the control panel and destroying it. Luckily I purchased an extended warranty and hope to replace the unit with an entirely different model....not Kitchenaid! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:56:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	gasket and control panel defects, design complaint	true
64179924	Purchased this machine at Best Buy in 2012 and it does not work! Doesn't dry your dishes at all. Washes sometimes... have to run the cycle several times to even get that accomplished. I've literally left the machine on for hours only to come back and it still hasn't started the wash cycle. An absolute waste of money. Samsung will tell you it's out of warranty and to keep it pushing. Unless you want to buy another machine in 2 years. Don't buy this one!Oh and it's really quiet...there..I found something nice to say...Quietly, not washing your dishes... 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:56:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time, cleanliness complaints	true
24370222	takes forever to wash and doesnt was very well at all I had high hopes for a whirlpool but wish I would have bought a different one 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:56:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time, cleanliness complaints	true
86998393	Just finished my 5th load, and so far it is great.  I use my Trader Joe's dish washer powder and it is great.  All I do is scrape the dishes and place them in it.  My son can now load the dishes and I no longer have to wash them prior to using the dishwasher.  I do use the after rinse product, as it does not have a heated drying system.  It is very quiet and I cannot tell it is running if I am more than 2 feet away.  So far I am very pleased.  I read the previous review and was concerned, but the dishes are cleaned and the plastic never dried in my other dishwasher, so not much of a difference.  As for running time, I run it when I go to bed, so for me this is not an issue. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:56:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
2904636	This thing is a real workhorse, honestly it's just like having a real dishwasher in my dorm.  I love that it is on wheels so we can roll it out of the way when we want to cook, and then at the end we can throw dishes, pots, pans and utensils into the dishwasher.  The most we ever had to do was two loads on a night when we did a three-course meal for a bunch of people and there was no chance of doing all the dishes simultaneously.  The actual device is quiet (except when it drains water into the sink but that only startles you for a couple of days) and also has a very sleek design.  I love having the different settings for washing my wine glasses or my pots with things baked on, and for the amount of work it does, it doesn't even use that much water.  Very easy to hook up and in this sense it is very plug-and-play, I would highly recommend it to someone living in a space that does not have room for a traditional dishwasher.  Just be careful to make sure the pipes are empty before you put them away, sometimes there is water in the pipe when you take it off the sink and, as my roommate has learned, it will fly onto you if you swing the pipe and it's not empty.  And the first time we used it, we didn't realize there was one more drain cycle left, so we unhooked it (forgetting to turn off the faucet so water exploded everywhere when we took the hook-up off) and then the machine started draining the water left in the basin through the pipe we had detached.  That was fun.  So a) learn from our mistakes and b) enjoy your dishwasher!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 12:56:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
53519585	This dishwasher only get dishes clean 50% of the time even if you pre-rinse. Guess you need to pre-wash! They also NEVER come out dry. I have to wait for the cycle to end and open the washer to air dry the rest of the day.  Hardly a modern convenience. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:01:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
61277574	First off, I live in a smallish apartment with no dishwasher. I didn't even know countertop dishwashers existed until I saw this on Amazon. So I immediately purchased it and I'm so glad I did! It works fantastically, is very easy to hook up and gets my dishes way cleaner than I ever could washing them by hand. The soap slot is big enough to fit a soap #34;pac#34; that is popular nowadays which works quite well with the cascade platinum packs. I'm so glad I don't have to do dishes by hand anymore, a very good buy! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:01:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59713868	This is an awesome appliance. The only thing is that it says it fits 10 inch plates, it does, but you have to tilt them. Otherwise it's awesome. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:01:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
53586427	what a sad waste of money. i splurged for this model because I love the drawer concept and the idea of doing wine glasses in one drawer and heavy duty items in another. i had no problems when it WAS working, but therein lies the problem. I have paid $1450. in repairs. since buying it 3 years ago. The issue seems to be with the actuators which lower the lids down and seal them. I am so careful not to overload or have anything in the way of the delicate little lids and still, it's broken again. Debating whether to sink more money into this loser or whether to junk it, after all of this money and buy a workhorse. In the meantime, we're washingh dishes by hand. Do NOT buy this dishwasher, it is nothing but trouble and wayyyyy too delicate, even for the loving appliance owner. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:01:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
14432418	It really cleans and I like the sanitizing option.  For the money it was a good buy for me.  The rack design take some getting used to 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:01:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42513786	Don't buy this dishwasher! Had a bad sensor within the first year and had it replaced.  Sometimes it will not even start and other times it will run all the way through a cycle and the soap isn't used.  It might work half the time, maybe. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:01:11	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	inconsistency complaint, sensor defect	true
67391950	A few months ago our builder grade cheap-o died and after reading reviews my hubby and I decided to go with this one. We like the features it presented and the streamline look. We got it home and we are pleased with how quiet it is. But realized it is basically a glorified sanitizer...it doesn't get the dishes clean. You have to scrub them before you put them in and you have to dry them when you take them out. At first I didn't notice how wet our cups were so I didn't dry them and we soon discovered mold...so mandatory drying. As dishes are already one of the most frequent task for me, I don't appreciate having to do the job of the dishwasher too. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:01:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
38652786	Have had the dishwasher 3 years now. The door leaked 3 times in the first year, all covered by warranty. It takes 5 - 10 days for each in home repair. Since warranty ended the door leaked again, and an internal hose leaked flooding the kitchen floor. Both of these repairs I paid for, around $100 each. Today the control panel smells like it burnt up, and the unit stopped running. That part looks like it is covered under warranty, but the labor will not be. Looks like it is time to part ways with this, as I feel like I am tossing good money after bad.As far as performance, the best thing about the unit, it looks great, and is super quiet when running. The racks don't load very well compared to a Maytag. The dishes don't always dry.Conclusion: Add LG to the list of banned household appliances, just not made to last. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:01:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	control panel, hose defects, design complaints, cleanliness complaints, leak complaints	true
59650580	Ran great for 10 months, now its nothing but trouble.Buying a new dishwasher after a year... wont be one of these! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:01:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		true
8956052	I ALMOST bought this dishwasher, after my KitchenAid died after 17 years of service.After shopping at both Best Buy and another retailer in New York, I came down to a choice of one by LG and one by GE. Both were equal in price, had very similar features, were recommended by both stores. I decided to sleep on it for a night.The next morning I went for a bike ride up Manhattan's West Side up to the George Washington Bridge. As I surveyed the beautiful Pallisades on the New Jersey side, I remembered reading about how LG's new US headquarters was going to break the majestic beauty of the Pallisades cliffs and forests. I remember reading how LG had plenty of land to build on so that all it needed to do would be to distribute your headquarters' volume across a wider footprint with less height. The governors of both NY and NJ had asked LG to reduce the building's height, without success. Citizen groups also protested.That is why I have decided to buy the GE model. I care about manufacturers who care about the environment and their communities. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:01:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
40861740	I bought this dishwasher almost a year ago after comparing to competitors with similar/same features.  Loved the look and the capacity that this one had when viewing it online and looked good when it arrived.1. Dishes unless very skinny (i.e. children's plates, those fit fine) do not fit into the prongs, so the capacity is not near what they say.2. Still had to clean a lot of my dishes first or they did not come clean.3. Do not use Eco-friendly liquid det. because it will not disolve properly and will leave a film on all your dishes. It also dripped down and left a stain inside thay will not come off.4. The stainless steel front (if that's what it is) Can NOT be cleaned.  I use a cloths with water to clean all of my other stainless appliances and this one streaks and has stains that do not come out.  Nothing will get it looking good...I hate it.5. Not to mention I have had it serviced twice since it was purchased, you have to stay on Electrolux to make sure someone has been contacted and coming.  Once I got number I did it myself.  3-mo after owning pump went out.  Now 5 mo. later the brain went out.  So I am now handwashing dishes while Elextrolux is taking their time getting paperwork together for me to get a new one. (That I do not want...should have gotten the Kitchen Aid ) 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:03:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
36418324	I bought this from Bestbuy in 2010, for 600$.  I wish I said yes to there extended 5 year warranty for 99 dollars. What a value that would have been. First the lettering all rubbed off on control panel#60;warranty covered#62; Second the lower rack was twisted and would not go in properly. So I called Samsung and they said i was over loading rack, I stated that I am loading lower rack just like the way the manual pictures, after much arguing I said it does not roll at all with any dishes in it, #60;warranty again#62; 2 year it started making a horrible grinding sound, like an air raid siren. It was so horrible that we never ran dishwasher if we had company and set it to run at 3 in the morning  when we were all sleeping.. 150$ to fix, Then is started getting error 5e low water inside  , did some research online and fixed it myself saving 150$. Now I am getting 4e error, water supply problem , check psi and or water valve is closed under sink. Well its the flow meter not made to specs , so 50$ for the part  and my labor. So this thing has cost me almost 1000$ in 4 years, boy does Samsung know how to make money. They probably copied another manufactures dishwasher like they did with apple phones but just couldn't get it right. SO STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG OR MAKE SURE YOU GET THE LONGEST EXTENDED WARRANTY. would give it -5 star 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:03:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
76165074	My fiance and I ordered this little dishwasher through a local appliance store to replace an older dishwasher in our apartment.  We ended up paying $274 w/taxes as it was immediately discounted $50 for qualifying for NJ Energy Efficient Appliance Rebate.  Delivery was smooth and installation was not difficult (~1.5 hrs).  We read a lot of reviews online and it seemed that this one had the best balance between price and rating.  We could not be happier with our choice.  The machine is quiet and does a wonderful job.  There no need to spend double the price on other dishwashers as it has many features of full-size dishwashers; if space is an issue. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:03:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
74734514	Our Kenmore Elite dishwasher is about two years old, for the past 6 months we've had huge problems with the top rack not washing the dishes.  After pulling the dishwasher apart we found that the top tube assembly had a gasket with two broken flaps. That's it, two broken flaps.  Any idea what the fantastic people at Kenmore (Sears) charges for that piece?  $50 not including shipping. Why? Because they don't sell that specific gasket, I would have to buy the entire assembly. My biggest problem with this is the fact that in two years I'll probably have have to replace it AGAIN. Crappy product, crappy customer service. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:03:04	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
32132548	Stay away from this junk, it will cause you only pain and troubles.- Very unusual water connection - need to spent additional $$ for installation- Lower tray is derailing every time you pull it out- Already on the second wash indicated HE Error - heater error requiring service- Very noisy after 4 months of usingI think the company should be called LB rather than LG. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:03:04	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45044710	this machine cleans great and lost of economic options.  There are only a few issues, the kick plate (no matter how perfect you put it on) rubs on the machines door when open and makes a rubbing sound which is annoying but doesn't affect the over all usability.  It is very quiet, many features, eco friendly and looks great.  It would have five stars if it wasn't for the squeaky hinges (every 6 months it needs a spray of wd 40) and the kick plate fitting. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:03:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		true
37556954	I purchased this in 2012. I was REALLY hesitant to purchase it but figured I would splurge due to how much I hate doing dishes and I live in an old house with nowhere to put a real washer.After a few years and hundreds of loads I am still thrilled with this purchase. It works flawlessly and cleans very well. I use finish powerball tabs with it, and have since first purchased. I cram more than I should into this thing, and it almost always leaves everything spotless. Even the inside of the washer is still clean.I have never intended on reviewing an item but wanted to let others know just how good this is. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:03:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
19495303	First, I didn't buy this washer here. If I had read the reviews, I wouldn't have bought it anywhere. It has been nothing but trouble from the start. I've been in constant communication with the seller (a well known big box store) but so far no gratification.To iterate all the problems would be to repeat what everyone else has said about it. The best thing I can see is that it appears to have been removed from the market, to where it never should have been in the first place! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:03:41	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		true
65145311	We've rented (and moved yearly) during the past several years. So, I've used many new and high end dishwashers. This is my absolute favorite. I like that I don't have to see the digital panel on the front. It is VERY quite. And, it does a great job of cleaning. I've been testing it just to see what it can handle. The only thing that hasn't gotten perfectly cleaned was my crockpot insert that had dried and cooked on food. I didn't really expect it to...just wanted to see what would happen.I called the shipper and Whirlpool when it arrived because there was water dripping from the crate when the delivery guys carried it in. Then, it left a puddle of water on the floor. Both told me that it was water left over from testing. I wasn't completely sold on that idea since I know there are ways to vacuum out the water (our movers do it every year with our washer). But, we installed it and all was fine.I did want to mention that it is does have a stainless interior. I think some of the newer ones of this model don't.The only thing I'd change is the delay start. It is 4hrs instead of 2hrs like my old one. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:03:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
63413313	I have owned this product for three months.  Right out of the box it did not clean well and it smelled badly.  I gave it the benefit of the doubt, double-checked settings, always used the recommended dishwash rinse and detergent, even added Lemi Shine since our area has fairly hard water.Got a brand new water heater.  Checked to make sure our whole-house Environmental Water System was working.  Contacted the dealer to see if they could do something for me.  They said they would have to send out a Bosch repairman prior to doing anything.  Repairman shows up, checks all the settings, says everything I am doing is correct, that maybe it's our drainage.  I say if it is our drainage, then why did our 10-year old Kitchenaid dishwasher clean better than this brand-new dishwasher?  No answer for that.  He says to call him if there are any more problems.  Two weeks later still having the same issues with spots on silverware and glassware, the fishy smell, etc.  I called Bosch today and they offered to send out a repairman.  Are you kidding me?  The rep says that's all they can do.  Now I am going back to the dealer.  If they can't help me get a different brand of dishwasher I will contest the charges on my American Express card.  To be continued....in the meantime...save yourself some headaches and don't buy Bosch!!  ps.  To add insult to  injury I also had to buy new dishes because the tines, top and bottom, are set too close together for my American dishes and none of my previous dishware fit.  The only positive thing I can say about this Bosch dishwasher is that it's quiet. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:03:41	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, smell complaints	true
38684878	My electronic board went nuts 5 weeks after the 1 year warranty expired.  After looking at the reviews of the corresponding stainless steel model, I have turned off the fuse to my dishwasher.  Its not worth setting my home on fire.  Before it broke, I found that this dishwasher is not designed for cooks - it doesn't hold large pots or jars, the utensil bin is not located near the door so it was not easy to just add a dirty utensil,  it smells if not run daily, and the plastic parts bend just from loading small plates.  This is truly a disposable appliance.  I'm just glad I didn't waste more money trying to repair it.  Can any of you recommend a dishwasher that's as good as a speed queen washer?  That's what I want! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:06:41	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	plastic "parts" defect, electronic board defect, fuse defect, smell, and design complaint	true
66075479	A little over a year ago, I completely remodeled my kitchen....top-endappliances, Wolf cook-top, Sub-Zero frig and this awesome KitchenAiddishwasher.  The dishwasher looked great, worked great.....until the soapdispenser broke.KitchenAid's response =&gt; Out of warranty and the replacement part isbackordered for 2 months! Just deal with a broken dishwasher. Buyer beware,they obviously have a big problem with this dishwasher.Very disappointed in KitchenAid.....But live  learn. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:06:41	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint, soap dispenser defect	true
72931526	We had a Bosch Dishwasher before, and LOVED it!!  They make the QUIETEST dishwashers around!  Naturally we bought another Bosch Dishwasher when we moved into our new home.  I wish I could say I was still in love with it.  The lower rack design does not allow you to put casserole dishes on the sides, so if you have one to wash it takes up all of your plate space.  It has an Ecosense drying system, which means it relies on the heat from the steam to dry the dishes.  I have to dry every item by hand, or they get water spots on them.  I wish it had a REAL dryer. We bought this sight unseen because the store we ordered it from did not have a display model available to look at.  The top rack isn't really designed for most glassware unless you only drink from wine glasses. I still like Bosch's product, but I would look at a different series. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:06:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design, cleanliness complaints	true
56646194	I've had this dishwasher for about 2 months and have been very very happy.  Our old dishwasher was LOUD compared to this one.  We have to check w/ the light to make sure it is running.  We are a family of three and run the dishes every other day. I don't like to waste water by pre-rinsing my dishes.  I scrap off visible food and simply load.  My dishes come out clean.  My glasses are not cloudy.  I did read the reviews and use powder detergent and the rinse agent.  Having no problems.Have heard of the smell issue but I make sure there is not much food debris before I load so there is not much in the trap to collect.  I would recommend this dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:06:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
24368133	This was a wedding gift.  The newly weds appear very happy with it.  It was delievered to thier house with no problems. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:06:41	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
83022882	It is larger than I thought it would be which I guess is a good thing.  Great for the price.  Does what it was expected to do.  Would recommend for anyone who is space crunched or just wants an economical alternative to a dishwasher and installation, etc.Great for sterilizing and really cleaning baby bottles, bowls, etc.  Definitely recommend. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:08:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68157655	This dishwasher is beautifully streamlined and the top rack adjustment is great.  But, that's where the positives end.  With dishes in the racks, they don't move smoothly and the bottom rack gets off track EVERY.SINGLE.TIME!!!  It's so quiet, but you cannot know when it's done for sure because the controls are so far under the counter top there is no way to see them.  This model is going back!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:08:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46624404	small load, light soil. No pre-rinsing of any items, but since most were lightly soiled I didn't expect them to come out dirty. One surprise I had was a serrated stainless-steel knife I used to cut open an avocado earlier in the day; an unwashed pattern of where the avocado meat met the knife was still present. I had the knife in the lower third rack and used an electrosol tablet with the powerball. I'll try a different detergent, as well as a different position next time and post my results, but needless to say, with such an expensive dishwasher I expected more. The noise level is acceptable, not the quietest, but after using a thick, rubber-backed carpet runner (new) held on by velcro, and adding a thick foam molding around the side where it met the cabinet, it became extremely quiet. Many options came with this unit: three racks (top two adjustable up and down, as well as a removable second), four wash blades, folding tynes, a split utensil basket, and 13 possible wash cycles. It's very smart looking, and the controls on the top edge are easy to read, as well as to figure out (also, no more bending down to look at the cycles like a front panel.) It does sanitize, so baby bottles are a breeze. I just wanted a unit that looked good, required no pre-rinsing, and was quiet. I'm happy with everything about this unit so far except for my avocado incident, but since I love eating them so much it might prove to be an issue. If all dishwashers have this same problem, then this is a 10/10. If not, I'd give it an 8 overall. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:08:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
30560303	I have had a mid-price Bosch that was recommended by consumer reports for two years now, and I can't understand why no one else has complained about it.  It cleans great at first, and is quiet.  But the wheels are constantly falling off - we've lost 4 of the 8 of them.  When you pull out a full bottom rack it skittles across the dishwasher door and every time I worry that the whole thing will crash on the floor.The water flows through jets in two different spinning arms.  The tiniest bit of food - often a scrap of lettuce or something unidentifiable - will get stuck in the jets. This signifiantly impacts cleaning. I struggle to pick it out with tweezers.  I DO rinse my dishes before loading them! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:08:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28041541	I bought this Bosch dishwasher model SHE45M06UC at Lowes with a 10% discount for a total of about $600 in Feb 09.Note this model has a Quick cycle, which is 35 mins as opposed to 100 min.  its the reason I bought it....I use it often since I rinse the dishes first to Save Energy, ie, to only run it when its filled completely, which takes 2 days or so for me.True that Bosch is much quieter than expected...you hardly know its on.  But the problems which are mentioned in other reviews need to be addressed.First, the thing stinks.  The stainless steel yields a wierd industrial metal smell afer a day or two of non-use.  I tried running vinegar in it, no change.  It was this way the first week and its still this way.  And I do rinse off food before putting dishes in. Maybe steel is not suitable?  Is there reaction with other metals that are being washed?Drying of items takes longer  and most plastics in the top rack, ie, kids cups, don't dry at all.  This is big pain as I have to dry them by hand to put them away.  If you have kids then think twice about this, its a waste of time that isn't necessary with other washers.  and i can see it happening for the next 5 years or so.  BTW the silverware doesn't get dry either.Another annoyance: The racks seem not to hold our particular type of dishes as efficiently as I expected either. Deep bowls like cereal bowls just don't seem to have a place. So they take up a lot of room.  There are a few spots where vertical pieces were left out (along the side of the top rack - must have saved a whole penny there!), and sometimes plastic sipper tops or tupperware will slide out.Sorry Bosch, but that's the way this machine (SHE45MO6UC) is working out for me.  I don't think I'd recommend it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:08:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30147041	I purchased this dishwasher 2 months ago.  And I regret it.  I cannot return one because it is an appliance and even if they accepted returns, since it is past 30 days it is done.  I was so excited for this dishwasher.  I have always wanted a Bosch and no way will I ever get one again.  It doesn't wash dishes.  80% of the time the detergent tab is still in the detergent tray.  I rinse my dishes before putting them into a dishwasher but when I pull them out what little was left after I rinse is still there.  I put my holiday dishes in that had dust on them.  I pull them out after the load was done the dust is still on each plate and cup, but now baked in.  I called Bosch and they said they sold it to the appliance person I bought it from and to take it up with them.  I said how can you say this is a dishwasher when it doesn't wash dishes.  That is false advertising.  The customer service person was no help and didn't want to help.  He did however inform me that it sounded like I didn't have strong water pressure in my home and that the dishwasher was never going to work for me.  The spray handles are not mechanical but move by water and  you need strong water pressure to move the handles.  Where is that written on any brochure for Bosch?????  That should be the first thing they tell you.  That was some of the worst customer service.  You want me to pay $500 for something to sit in my kitchen and never be able to use?  I am disgusted and never can I recommend a company that doesn't tell you what you need to know up front prior to purchasing and installation.  Do they care how much you had to pay someone to have it installed? 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:10:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	soap dispenser defect, design complaint, cleanliness complaint	true
87619220	We bought a Frigidaire dishwasher last summer.  It never worked and it fact we had to stop using it because we felt it was dangerous.  There is a design flaw in many Frigidaire dishwasher models (check out epinions) that causes the electronic control board to malfunction.  From what I can tell it has something to do with where it is in relation to the steam venting from the hot water. The best case scenario is that your dishwasher doesn't work.  The worst case is that it will start a fire.  Frigidaire's idea of customer service is to replace the same defective part over and over again and failing that to give you another defective and dangerous dishwasher.  And their customer service is horrible.  They do things to purposely make you angry (like when they escalate your call to a supervisor they leave you on hold for a long time hoping you will hang up).  A responsible company would recall these appliances and fix them appropriately.  I feel confident that if their dishwasher kills someone in a fire they will just have their attorneys blame it on the customer.  Protect your family.  Don't buy Frigidaire. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:10:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	control board defect, design and safey complaints	true
37248785	We purchased this unit in 2008 and immediately wished we had not.  Even with an extended warranty, we had continuous problems with leaks, the upper arm not spraying and now with no warranty left, the circuit board has decided to work or not at random. All the lights(control buttons) will go out at once and stay out for a day or maybe a week and then come back on and work fine.We got tired of this and have purchased a Whirlpool in its place.  I would not recommend an Electrolux of any model unless you have a relative that is an appliance repairman!!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:10:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes	spray arm, circuit board defects	true
19522172	This thing is a game changer.  It is incredible.  I researched for weeks and got confused.  Finally chose this a year ago and it has been great. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:10:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
21103359	When the washer arrived, I installed it and had problems with it not completing the cycle, leaving water in the bottom and the drying cycle never ending. I called the supplier and they shipped a new one out quickly and with no problems. The new unit works well. I had expected the unit to work the first time, and the installing, removal of the bad washer, and reinstalling of the new one was a hassle. I have to give credit to the supplier for quick follow up. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:10:37	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		true
18416740	purchased this item money was taken from my account everyday for a week i would receive the the same thing of it being shipped would tell them every day to ship it but they wouldnt never did get the product, 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:13:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
88182863	I can not believe the other reviewers are talking about the same machine that is in my kitchen.  This is the best dishwasher I have ever owned.  It is QUIET, offers lots of washing modes, and has the most flexible rack system I have used. Every thing comes out sparkling clean.  However, YOU HAVE TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS. I could not get it to even turn on until I read the instructions. Bosch is a German company; If you obey their instructions this dishwasher will work perfectly, if you don't, it won't. You have to install the drain hose as Bosch specifies or it will not drain reliably. You have to use a granulated detergent or it will not wash correctly. You have to use a rinse agent or it will not dry correctly. If you block the vent hole with a cookie sheet, it will not dry properly.  If you follow the instructions it will be the best dishwasher you have ever owned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:13:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47720328	Had the same issue with the control panel as everybody else and wish I'd found these reviews sooner. Of course it didn't short out until just after the warranty expired. Pretty displeased in general. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:13:12	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83184295	It's perfect for what I needed I give it a 10 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:13:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31278215	Its bigger than we expected but seems to work fine. Still stuck in return hell on the first one. We've been charged for both bc they cant find the returned one. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:13:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
79187277	It is true, the manual does not help much on the installation but once you figure it out, it works great.  My box arrived ripped and I was afraid the product had suffered but there wasn't a scratch on it.  I used it right away and it actually fits quite a few dishes and glasses.  Since I only cook for one, I can fit a few days worth of dishes in there.  It's also pretty quiet for a machine that is this low in price. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:15:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51642427	Buyer beware!! Spent big $$$ for this professional series thinking it would be better quality, but it was NOT! Control board went bad and the cost of repair is ridiculous. Very disappointed. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:15:12	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
36516577	Love this dish washer, met all my needs. Very Quiet. Use on speed wash cycle, works great. The only thing that is not so great is the bottom rack. It does not stay open when loading and un loading. I only have two people in my house so the size is perfect, might not be so good for a bigger family. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:15:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
39161314	I appear to have a slightly different version (EIDW6105GS1) that has been nothing but trouble in the eight months I have owned it.  The first problem was that a rubber gasket that seals the door was torn, with the tear worsening over time.  The gasket was replaced promptly (twice), but somehow they get pulled each time the lower basket is moved.  Even the second replacement is now showing definite signs of wear.About 2 months ago, the machine went completely on the blink with all flashing lights, but cleared the errors (twice) by the time the tech got there.  Now, we are on the fifth episode of blinking lights (the machine shuts down completely when this happens).  The tech now knows that it is a leak detection error, but he was unable to find the source despite opening up its innards (there were tell tale dish detergent stains on the bottom, though).I am waiting to see if electrolux will replace the unit, although with the unit non-operational and under warrranty, I don't see why this is taking days. Perhaps they are hoping that I will get sick of doing dishes by hand and just fork over for a new one on my own. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:15:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
76316450	The dishwasher works well. Quite. A bit tricky to start and has a lot of sophisticated settings. The package did arrive significantly damaged. And dented the dishwasher. While it is a small dent (surprising as the damage was great) it is irritating. We decided to keep it, a consequence of timing the install. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:15:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
18195905	Great item. Works just fine for what it is. Delivered early so that was a plus. The only complaint I would have is that being a portable dishwasher,  it seems to take a lot longer for the whole cycle than an ordinary dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:15:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
53690354	Unless you would like to throw your money away, don't purchase this product.  I purchased one in June.  It came broken.  We figured it out in Septemeber.  It took until Thanksgiving to have it looked at.  Past Easter, they still haven't replaced the product because every time I call they either have no record of my last call, or have discovered some additional information they need from me in order to process a replacement.  Buy anything else from anyone else, but don't buy this. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:15:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	not working complaint	true
43012243	We've been using this dishwasher for about a month and just love it.  It's just the right size for a couple with no kids.  All the dishes and silverware from each meal go right in the dishwasher and if we have company, we just run it twice.  It's easy to keep clean and we've had no problems with the plumbing.  Our house is very old and we were worried that a full-size dishwasher would be too much of a drain on the kitchen circuits.  With the counter-top model, it's not a problem and we don't have to sacrifice any of our cabinets.  It takes up the same amount of space as our old drying rack, so it's been a great addition to our appliance family.  No complaints at all. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:15:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
68195982	After reading all the good reviews, I decided to give this dishwasher a try.  I was really tired of doing dishes by hand, and couldn't fit a regular sized or portable in my kitchen.  This countertop model was exactly what I needed.  It looks like a big microwave sitting on the counter, but that's better than looking at the dirty dishes that were always sitting there!  It does a GREAT job washing dishes.  You don't have to rinse anything except egg yolk - if you leave that on too long it won't get it off all the way.  I disagree with the reviews that say it isn't quiet - I was pleasantly surprised at how quiet it is.  There are two places in the cycle where it might be considered noisy (pumping in the water, only lasts a few seconds) but the rest of the time I don't even notice that it is running.  It fit under my cupboards beautifully, and I am very happy with it.  I've had it two weeks and no problems.  My only gripe at all is that it is hard to hide the hoses very well behind it, as they are a stiffer plastic and don't coil up as well as say, a rubber hose would.  That said, it is a great little dishwasher, especially at this price!  My husband and I are recent empty nesters, so this is perfect for us.  We do a load every other day, usually.  The set up wasn't very difficult, either, we did it together in about 20 minutes, if that.  I will update if anything changes in the next few weeks.  *Addition:  I should add that the direction booklet is VERY poorly written...it will give you a few laughs. Doesn't impede figuring things out, though. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:15:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	unclear instructions and cosmetic complaints	true
47190203	I purchased this unit and paid for professional installation and it has been nothing but problems.  I have a brand new house, and was very proud to install and purchase kitchen aid products in my home.  Never again.  4 months after installation, there was a leak from the front of the door.  A service call, we were told to stop using Jet Dry (although the instruction manual called for it's use and a sample was provided with purchase).  As it caused too much soap foam breaking the seal and causing the leak. The insulation was replaced as it was mouldy, and the soap dispenser replaced as they thought it was releasing too much Jet Dry.  It took almost 3 weeks for the parts and work to be completed, hand washing all the time.  We have 3 kids under 5, the machine is used daily, if not twice.  3 months later,  not a spec of Jet Dry used, it's leaking again.  Now it's a micro-scopic crack on the washer arm.  They can't see it leaking while here, but the insulation is soaking again, so they don't doubt it's leaking.  They want to know if we wish the insulation replaced.  Seriously?...should we wait for it to mould up?  It's replaced, down again for 2 weeks waiting for parts.  I'm now 15 days out of warranty, and it's leaking again.  3rd time in a year.  I was lucky enough to fight Kitchen aid to extend the warranty for 6 more months last time so I have a bit of wiggle room, but I was told there will be NO more extensions.  They did me a favour.  I await yet another repair person, to tell me ??? . . .  I bought a lemon.  No one knows why it is leaking, they are all guessing and Kitchen aid doesn't want the unit back my 'high end' retail store, wants to sell me an extended warranty and tells me to be tough on Kitchen aid customer service.  I wish I never saw Kitchen aid.  Be warned.  Customer service is a fight, not friendly and I paid well over $1000 for this unit and with repair time, haven't even put a year's use on it.  After the repair, I only have a couple months of warranty left and I'm quite sure will be left with this hunk of junk. The fridge I bought is now making noises.  Stay away from this Brand and the others made by the same company (whirlpool).  I will pay the few hundred more for Bosch or Miele next time.  This brand is NOT high end and the customer service and follow up support prove it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:15:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes	insulation, soap dispenser, spray arm defects	true
24485862	The first unit arrived boxed but resting upside down in the box, i.e., the top of the dishwasher was sitting on the ground.  When I turned it over I found the top corner was crushed in and the tray inside the unit could not travel freely so I sent it back.  Amazon expedited a replacement order from the same vendor but that one arrived unboxed and ALSO upside down.  It was wrapped in some stretchy plastic and there were styrofoam protective corners but they had dislodged, presumably in shipping, and were on the front door of the unit.  Even the Fedex guy was appalled. The door of ths replacement unit was damaged and I refused the shipment.  Finally we ordered direct from Bosch, which was more expensive and really slow, but the DW eventually got here packaged really securely, sitting right side up, riding on a pallet and was damage free.  This dishwasher is UNBELIEVABLY QUIET.  Our kitchen and family room are one big open area where we spend 90% of our time so we need a super quiet dishwasher and this one fits the bill. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
85310125	I am very happy with the washer, I was surprised by how big the unit is( could not tell by the site picture  I did upload some pictures and hopefully soon an operational video)and measurements don't really give a good visual idea.  Other than the actual size the rest has been a piece of cake; the unit is quite quiet and does a very good job of cleaning. Several cycles; heavy,normal,eco,rapid,rinse and prewash, I find I'm in the eco or rapid range with the difference being the eco gives 2 prewash runs then a wash  x2 rinse and dry.  It would have been nice for other unit colors but all in all very pleased. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32517808	The dishwasher was a little bigger than I expected, It is better to put the dishwasher on a counter, where you do not have a cabinet. Instructions, for people that are not handy should be included regarding connecting the hose to the kitchen spout. We needed to get an adapter because the size did not match. Other than that it is great. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:19:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37836765	Ever since I had this unit from day 1 it has had problems. Feels like I got a lemon. It started with a broken shelf, followed by machine not running all cycles, and then not opening the dispenser. We have had repair men out 4 times.After the 1 year warranty expired the dishwasher broke again where the soap dispenser would periodically not open. Frigidaire came out one more time to fix it but the fix didn't work and now won't come out anymore.I was told originally they would replace the washer if it broke more than 3 times. But after that happened, they never followed through on that.I would never recommend buying this product because of the quality issues and the fact that Frigidaire wouldn't follow through on this lemon.Very disappointing experience. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:19:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
72494060	I miss the pre energy efficient dishwashers of 20 yrs ago that actually cleaned the dishes with lots of water and lasted over 4 yrs... We replaced a highly rated 4 yr old dishwater that stopped cleaning the top rack with this highly rated dishwasher.  It has done a mediocre job since the day it was installed.  We scrape our dishes (as recommended to save water).  About 80-90% come out clean.  The rest have dried food debris. I am using environmentally incorrect phosphate containing detergent, rinse aid, occasional vinegar.  Cleaning out the filter is a pain.  Save your money and buy an old used dishwasher that uses lots of water.  ITS NOT ENERGY EFFICIENT IF YOU HAVE TO WASH OR RINSE THE DISHES PRIOR TO PUTTING THEM IN A DISHWASHER OR THEY HAVE TO BE WASHED BY HAND AFTER THEY COME OUT OF THE DISHWASHER.  -Marcie, North Canton, Ohio 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:19:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
67525623	I've had a Danby Countertop dishwasher for a couple of years now (mine was the model DDW396W). It worked pretty well until the plastic window came loose. This is apparently  common with these machines--Danby has instructions on their website on how to fix it. I glued the window back in with 3M Scotch-Seal Industrial Sealant 800 and the dishwasher is now back in use. I like this machine, I just wish it was more durable. Perhaps the newer DDW496W model is a little better built. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:19:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	window defect, durability complaint	true
82327365	great product! cleans my dishes better than some full sized ones i have had AND it is quiet! Only thing to watch out for is that some of my dinner plates do not fit. When I set them at an angle they will but I can't load much in it when I do that. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:19:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
87174944	I'm about to go buy another dishwasher as soon as I finish this review.  My dishwasher is just over 2yrs old, and it's dead completely, it's just outside the warranty, and I just paid $175 for two different reputable repairment to give me not one but two opinions, both of there conclusions was the electonic board in the machine is completely dead and would cost over %500 to replace.  The second repairman save yourself the headaches and just buy a new Different brand because SAMSUNG as a brand is HORRIBLE.  Over the past year I've spent atleast $400 in other repairs on the machine.  He said BOSCH or KitchenAid is the best appliances, SAMSUNG being the worst!  I personnally will never buy ANYTHING SAMSUNG again. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:19:47	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	electronic board defect, not working complaint	true
91057521	This was the exact part I needed to fix my Dishwasher. Fast shipping!  Be sure to use the included replacement jumper wires for a correct install. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:19:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
75704735	I had been researching portable dishwashers for some time now, and finally chose the GE 24 inch.Take it from me, you probably do NOT want one of those counter-top models; not if you have regular sized pots and pans and large dinner plates like me.  If you are going to cook a bunch, then you need the real deal--24 is the standard size.The delivery was spectacular: the delivery men called me a day in advance to let me know it would be delivered between a certain time frame, and then the day of, they called me again to let me know they would be at my house within one hour.  They brought the dishwasher up a flight of stairs without damaging it.  They opened the dishwasher for me, took off all the packing materials and put it where I wanted it.  Such A+ service!!It even came with a small tube of Jet Dry and a coupon for the next purchase of one!The only, ONLY drawback is that damned short hose in the back.  Only about 30 inches from the dishwasher to your facet is all you get.  The dishwasher literally is backed as close to the counter as possible to reach.A great detailed review of this product is in a blog called A Chef's Daughter.  Have a look at that if you are in the market for a portable dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:19:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint (short hose)	true
88056981	I recently purchased a Koldfront Countertop Portable Dishwasher to replace my old, broken full-size portable dishwasher and I couldn't be more satisfied.  Our family is gradually down-sizing and this is the perfect size dishwasher for us as a three person family.  It holds a day's worth of dishes and silverware and does an excellant job of cleaning.  It's super quiet while running and has a timer that goes off when the cleaning cycle is complete.  I purchased a black model and it blends seamlessly with my other kitchen appliances.  Delivery was quick and on time and set up was a breeze, especially easy as I am familiar with portable dishwasher hook up.  My house is quite old and the kitchen has limited counter space so no room for a built-in dishwasher.  The Koldfront is the perfect size for small kitchens in older homes or apartments, easily fit on top of a microwave cart.  I would recommend this product to anyone with limited space who hates to wash dishes!!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:24:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45908838	My review is going to be similar to everyone else's, that the control panel broke and took 4 trips by the repairman to repair it, and also that the top rack wheel assemblies are JUNK...total embarrassment for KitchenAid to call this well-engineered.  This rack has failed on me 3 times in 2 years, not because of overloading or misuse, but because they are cheap plastic and the wheel axle is only about 1/8 or less in diameter and when loaded is just not robust enough.  They could easily replace that with a metal pin...I'd do the engineering calculations for them.  Kitchenaid, I would be embarrassed if this were my product.  I will never, ever, ever buy another Kitchenaid product!!!  Not a dishwasher, blender, mixer.... not even a manual can opener.  I'll stick with GE, thank you very much. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:24:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
48628924	This dishwasher was the greatest thing since sliced bread !!! I have a family of 5 when I brought this 2 yrs ago !! and I have to say I had no problems !! I washed dishes EVERY night !! some times 3x a day .. She was going strong until the leaking started recently .. UGh what a freaking pain in the neck !! if the window was better made I could go on using this washer for much, much longer as it still works fine .. but what the hell were they thinking when they put that flimsy window there for???, and its only holding on by about 5-8 pegs ??? needless to say I have gotten my moneys worth and more from this excellent machine and yes I recommend it !! but DANBY HOW ABOUT A MODLE THE HAS NO WINDOW SO WE CAN ALL HAVE A GREAT MACHINE OK LET ME AD I WISH IT ALSO CAME IN BLACK OR STAINLESS STEEL .. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:24:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
59245339	I am taking the time for the review because I believe in complimenting those that make great products I enjoy. I have already contacted Danby  told them them so! I have had my Danby four years on my counter top and it works perfectly. I can put ANY fry pan or pot, etc. into the unit for cleaning. I also use it to clean dust off loads of cups  glasses, spatualas, Spring cleaning etc. because I want a clean kitchen and run a tight ship. I have been using my Danby for 3-4 loads a day since I received it  no problems. 4years x 365 days X 3 loads a day = 4,380 load cycles without a problem, and for only $200. !! Anybody that is STILL doing dishes by hand is nuts not to have this dishwasher.BAD: The glass is cracking  I use crazy glue. Danby should go to a solid stainless door and end that one problem they have. TRY Tap Plastic for a replacement window. I cannot find an orginal replacement. BUT the machine is so good it is worth the time to repair the window myself(about a $20.00 repair item). Those having break downs might clean their screens and the sump trap area out occassionally, and maybe pre-clean heavy deposits off dishes  pans to make it easy on the water pump. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:24:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
87361570	This is a fantastic product for small spaces.  It is light and easy to install, and the price is right.The plumbing connections are accesible and require just one small, 1/2 inch (I think) wrench.  The only hangup I have, is that the bottom panel is very difficult to remove, and is easily broken in the process, whenever you need to access the bottom for repairs or leak checks. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:24:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
19390673	I paid a lot of money for this dishwasher, and have had to call for service on seven occasions, in less than three years.  Luckily I purchased an extended warranty, but it will run out soon.  I have consistently had error code 01, leak detected, and it has been repaired seven times, but it happened again today!  Electrolux will not replace the unit.  Last time it went out we had to wait a month for a modification kit to come in that was supposed to fix it for good.  I'm still laughing!!!, because here is the same problem again today.I love that it is quiet, and it does a decent job on cleaning, but it is not worth half of the money I paid for it.  Perhaps I got a lemon, but I'll never know because Electrolux will not replace it so that I can see.  My advise--DON'T BUY AN ELECTROLUX DISHWASHER!!!!!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:25:46	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
47945250	This was the worst appliance I've ever owned.My wife and I purchased the Fisher Paykel DD603/DS603 double dishdrawer model in 2006 when we were building our new home.  The salesman from the appliance store said it operated quietly (which it does, when it works at all) and would go well with all the other high-end appliances we were buying for the kitchen.  It worked ok for a few years, then started experiencing a lot of problems with the controls.  We've had the same repairman fix it about a half dozen times, and it is now acting up again.  The controls don't work properly, the buttons are difficult to operate or refuse to operate at all, and the unit often cannot complete its cycle for one reason or another.  Also, the unit has very limited cycle options and few features.  It is very frustrating to have an expensive appliance not operate correctly.  Everything else we purchased from that store works great.  Eventually, the repair man told me that the DD603/DS603 was an early dishdrawer model that Fisher Paykel released onto the market knowing it had design problems.  I will never again purchase another Fisher Paykel appliance. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:25:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	control and button defects, function and design complaints	true
77206922	Our Samsung steel tub dishwasher model DMT610RHS required repair within 18 months due to a defective rack bracket.  $1000 for this purchase and it didn't last 2 years before repair was required.  We were quoted $50 for a technician to come to the house.  The charge ended up being $180... and the repair was required due to a Samsung quality issue that they refuse to acknowledge despite several other customers leaving similar reports on their Samsung product website.  The rack bracket broke and a piece of hard plastic was stuck in the pump.  Sincerely, I have never experienced such poor customer support.  Please do your homework before purchasing a Samsung dishwasher.  We could not find a local appliance technician to service the dishwasher as they said the support is lacking, and the replacement parts are too hard to source. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:25:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	rack defect	true
72814381	I did a lot of research before buying and the reviews were correct. Miele is solidly made (stainless steel interior for one thing), and works wonderfully. The 18 size is great because I can run it without having to wait for a huge load. Also, large pots and pans will fit but I personally wash them by hand so I'd have to wait a long time to fill up a traditional dishwasher. You can also wash only 1/2 a load (which is the the 2 top trays - dishes and flatware) which is perfect for a small group of 2-4. Bigger loads, of course would use the entire dishwasher. The Miele is only 18 wide yet has more jets than most standard diswashers. The flatware tray is the best I've ever seen. Instead of sitting upright as most do, it is a pullout tray, with section for knives etc, much like a flatware chest. It's easy to load and keeps flatware separated making them come out CLEAN!The custom front panel is easily applied and can be whatever you wish - wood to match your cabinets, a chalkboard in a frame, a magnetic board, stainless steel... whatever your imagination wants.I love it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:25:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
83925746	I must say that I was a bit hesitant in buying this unit. I always figure down market items like a countertop or portable dishwasher are prone to failure. Not with this unit! At a reasonable price, this countertop dishwasher will blast your dishes clean. I think the proximity to the water jets helps to get the stuck on gunk off of my dishes. I've put some seriously dirty stuff in there that was hard and crusty and it would all come out sparkling clean!Perfect for singles and couples living in vintage apartments.MEASURE your space first! This thing takes up one of my counters from corner to corner and only has a few inches clearance from the cabinets. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:25:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
54629358	I shouldn't start a review with, I don't know much about dishwahers but I'll start this one like that - I don't know much about dishwashers.  I just want them to clean my dishes.  This unit was great at first, replacing a decades-old unit at the end of its life.  Shortly after the warrenty ended, it started breaking down.  The top spinner kept falling off - a defect in the plastic holder securing it that I didn't know until months later.  The unit kept giving a 'low water error' code.  the repairman (The only one certified for Samsung in our large town (and yes, I independently verified this)) got about $200 for a simple repair.  Unfortunately, less than a year later, the same issue came up.  I am not spending as much on repairs as I paid for the unit!  I'm off to do some research on more reliable brands that will have a lifecycle of more than 2 years.When the unit was working, it cleaned the dishes acceptably well, had an average noise level, but took a very long time to run through a cycle.  I think 2-3 hours would be the average time for a normal (not heavy) cycle. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:28:09	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21341102	We ordered this dishwasher based on all of the positive reviews and we have not been disappointed. It is extremely quiet, does a fantastic job cleaning, and dries everything very well. Additionally, there is more space and a better rack layout for all of your dishes than most other comparable dishwashers currently on the market. We love it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:28:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84367060	Okay, I've read the other reviews, which are quite mixed.  I hope this one will help you decide whether or not you should invest.PROS:  Quiet, practical, washes dishes and pots clean every time.  Has multiple cycles (including a 12 minute rinse and an ECO button).  My first FisherPaykel was a double drawer in white.  It worked well and I never had to call maintenance for it.  I had it about 3 years before I sold my house and moved.  I purchased a new home and a new FisherPaykel in stainless steel and had the handles changed to black for contrast.  The model number is DD605SS.  It has the same features as the white dishwasher and I have had it 3 years now with 0 problems.CONS: I wish the drawers were a little taller for pots and other tall appliances.  The new model, DD24DCTX6, has answered that wish, as the drawers are designed taller to accommodate taller dishes and pots.I am very pleased with my Fisher  Paykel dishwasher and in my opinion think it's worth the investment. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:28:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
52730126	This is the second Danby 18 inch dishwasher we've owned.  We bought its predecessor from Canada back before you could find it here in the states.  A typical dishwasher lasts 9-10 years and that is how long our last Danby lasted.  The amazing parts were:1. We cook all our meals at home and I am from a family of seven who all live nearby so on a light day we run dishes for four but on a heavy day it might be dishes (and cooking vessels, serving vessels, etc) for a dozen.  The Danby kept plugging away, consistently returning our dishes sparkling clean.  We found it was important to use salt and we always use Cascade Complete.  We found other detergents didn't work as well.  I'm not sure if it's because of the size, water temp, water hardness, or what.2. It fits in our house!  Our bungalow was built in 1920 and the dishwasher fits sideways under the drainboard of our old white enamel sink.  We ordered it from Canada years ago because we had a bear of a time finding one that would fit.  Now there are more 18#34; dishwashers available but I think the Danby is a nice balance between cost and quality.  Sure, I'd love the $800 dishwasher, but that just isn't in our budget.3. Easy to install.  It comes with relatively good instructions compared to most appliances. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:28:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15136655	I initially received the wrong color dishwasher but the seller fixed the issue very promptly and was very courteous.The dishwasher itself is great, it is very quiet and cleans well. The only issue is I wish that some of the prongs were further apart so that we could fit some fatter items into the dishwasher (pot lids etc.). The dishwasher is a great size for our small kitchen, it wheels around well and the stainless steel inside is great. So far there have been no problems! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:28:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
34968627	I have two of these dishwashers in black.  What a big waste of my money and several thousands of dollars to go with it!  Every year, if it's not one, it's the other having problems.  And every time I've had to spend at least $400 to repair something.  One time they even sent me a #34;Miele Authorized#34; third party technician since they didn't have any available on hand.  And a year later, only to find out that the part he replaced (which with labor and parts cost about $500+), he took out a valve that was supposed to be left on.  Oh, and can I say that this dishwasher only uses Miele brand dishwashing tablets?  Calling this a piece of crap is an understatement. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:32:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
56608333	I first looked at this machine because it was touted as energy-saving. No heating element. Uses the heat from your hot water. Not food disposer. Just a filter that you have to clean.  Well, let me tell you...I'll pay the extra $50 a year in energy savings to get a dishwasher that WASHES DISHES! Yes, the unit is extremely quiet, good looking, and energy effecient. But it doesn't do what it intended to do. Clean your dishes! I've tried every combo of detergent and rinse agent, and my dishes are still filmed.  Within the same load, some are spotless and some are filthy. It make no sense.  And then there is the stench! Everyone else has mentioned it, and it's true. After 2 days of non-use, this thing start to really stink. Bosch had great intentions with this unit, but in reality, it doesn't work.  Just find something else. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:32:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27850162	Danby Portable 1805WPros:  Sturdy/well-built, roomy interior, excellent cleaning, well-priced.Cons:  Very long normal wash cycle; no end-of-cycle signal.Recommend:  Definitely!!My kitchen floor space, cabinet and storage space are extremely limited and a portable dishwasher my only option.  I tried the Haier 18 portable but this dishwasher is riddled with problems and within two weeks I returned it.  I considered the Sears Kenmore 18 portable but it is over priced. I read the positiwe online reviews for this Danby but couldn't find it locally. A few weeks later, I found this Danby online at what I consider a bargain price and free ship-to-store for pick-up. Once I got it home and unpacked, my goodness, it is almost identical to the pricey Kenmore (or is the Kenmore almost identical to the Danby?).After my experience with the Haier, I was skeptical, but the Danby 1805W is more than I expected. It is attractive, sturdy, and easily moves about on the large casters. Unpack it and the dishwasher is ready to be attached to the faucet (with the provided adaptor), plugged in, loaded, and started. The stainless steel interior is also attractive and well put together. It is roomy, easy to load and unload. No problem with normal-size plates and platters. It holds quite a load of dishes, and there is a nice size flatware tray which holds plenty. I found the normal cycle to be quite long (90 minutes) but the dishes were spotlessly clean and dry when removed. It operates fairly quietly. There is storage for the cord and hoses. The manual could be better written and the control dial and buttons labeled better but after a couple of reads and use, it's easy to get the hang of it. Did I mention that the cleaning was thorough, spotless, and the dishes dry when finished? All-in-all, it's not perfect but it is a remarkably good machine and I am thrilled to have it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:32:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
6458575	Love this dishwasher!  Our previous dishwasher was a cheap Frigidaire, so this sooo much better.  I purchased it at a sears outlet, so it only was $550.  Easy to install, very happy about this purchase.ProsCleans very wellGlasses look super super cleanAdjustable racks and holdersConsNot sure yet, but will list if problems arise. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:32:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46732379	Simply...FANTASTIC!!! We couldn't be any happier!The dishwasher works so well we are blown away....thought we would need to pay hundreds more for one this great!!! And our experience with the whole purchase with Amazon has been sooo FANTASTIC!!!!! We are customers for life!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:32:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23077141	After more than 4 repairs, the dishwasher still does not work as it's suppose to. None of the service providers want to come and deal with this unit. I think I have been bounced back and forth between Electrolux and Service providers. Poor quality of the product and totally BAD customer service and satisfaction. I had service provider come to my home more then 4 times with the same result. The same parts were replaces more then 4 times - and still the same. And all Electrolux was saying that the dishwasher is fixes. It is fixes when it washes dishes which it does not. The problem started with the installation - the instructions DO NOT SAY that the dw needs to be installed at least 1 inch below the counter top. But this is what tech support demanded. The motherboard was replaced twice, the front panel 4 times, it was reinstalled twice - still it would work only for one-two cycles then would have to take a days (or more) rest before it can wash dishes again. The CANCEL button does not work at all, nor does the fluid censor. STAY AWAY from FRIGIDAIRE products. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:36:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81477283	To be honest, maybe we just bought a dud. I am getting old enough to know that it just happens sometimes, but this thing is constantly breaking on us. In the first year it has been down on us 4 times. There is some type of problem with the heating element buring out the circuit board on it. On the last round, I actually smelled burning wires in the kitchen which really scared our family.Thank GOD for the extended service plan at Home Depot or I would have pulled this thing out and towed it around the neighborhood behind our SUV.As I type this, the unit is broken again and flashing an HE error which means a fresh heater error and burnt circuit board.If the unit didn't break so much, I actually would give it quite high marks. It is quiet, cleans very well and SUPER heats the dish water so they are near sterile. A good looking unit as well, but it would be like getting a brand new Corvette that constantly had a wheel that fell off on you. Sure ruins the experience.Buyer be VERY aware! 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:36:12	Safety Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
30708316	We bought this dishwasher right before Thanksgiving, so it has been through two major holidays now.  It is SO quiet!  I no longer have to turn the TV up so I can hear it while the dishwasher is running (we have an open kitchen/family room).  I wanted a dishwasher with a delay start so I could run it while we were sleeping, so I didn't have to hear the noise...but it doesn't really matter anymore, because it's so quiet anyway!I love how the silverware are separated - I think most dishwashers have this feature now - it keeps the silverware from nesting.  My daughter hates it, because she has to be careful how she pulls the silverware out of the holes, but I never have any silverware come out of a washing cycle dirty anymore.  That used to always be a problem with my old dishwasher.The ProScrub feature does not always get rid of everything with my dirtiest casserole dishes and pots; however, it is always easy to finish cleaning it when I take them out of the dishwasher.  It beats having to scrub and scrub to get dried food (or burnt food) off of the casserole dishes/pots.My only real complaint is that it is easy to lean against the door and accidentally hit some buttons on the door.  It doesn't automatically turn it on - you have to press start for it to begin a cycle - but I wish it wasn't so easy to hit a button.  If I'm cleaning or cooking near the dishwasher, I usually use the Control Lock button.  An integrated panel would solve this issue, but most of the ones in my price range had a handle on the door, which would make it impossible to open my silverware drawer, so I had to go with the buttons on the front of the door.  It's a small issue, and certainly not a deal braker.  Luckily, I'm the only one who seems to have this problem - my children have never accidentally turned it on.Lastly, the black dishwasher is so easy to keep clean.  I really love it and would highly recommend this dishwasher to anyone who wants great cleaning power in a mid-range price.UPDATE 10/8/12:  Our upper rack adjuster has now broken.  When I tried to take the dishes out, the entire upper rack fell.  My husband was right next to me when it happened, so I was very lucky that we both caught it and somehow miraculously, none of the glasses broke.  We ordered the new parts (bought 2 - figured the other side will go soon too) instead of wasting our money on a service call.  We have been very lucky, though - we haven't had any other problems with this unit yet, unlike all the other reviewers...knock on wood. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:36:12	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
38207778	I've had this washer for two years and it has never done the job. We've simply lived with it all this time. It looks pretty cheap, is loud, is very slow to cycle, doesn't wash or dry properly,leaks detergent everywhere, the steel inside is stained, and it's hard to load due to the awkward rack setup. Dishes come out cloudy, spotty and/or still dirty, and are never fully dryed. Also, everything must be pre-rinsed. DO NOT BUY THIS. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:36:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35458545	I must admit I had never heard of a countertop dishwasher until looking for a builtin under the counter unit. Living in a mobile home that has never had a dishwasher I discovered installation under the counter is difficult and a very tight fit even if possible. Upon visiting Amazon and other internet sites I discovered the SPT unit and finally ordered it from Amazon due to the reasonable price and Amazon's reputation. And what a great buy it has been. It is extremely quiet and you hardly know it's running. The only time noise occurs is when it's emptying water. Instead of leaving it on the counter (and taking up valuable space) I purchased a rolling kitchen cart from Amazon and store the unit in a little used kitchen area. Perfect. The size is adequate for two people, but I wouldn't recommend it for a large family. We mostly use the light cycle which gets the dishes squeaky clean. I do recommend using liquid dishwasher soap rather than granules. The only downside is drying. It does not have a drying cycle so glassware, in particular, has wet spots that need a quick towel action. Glasses are not spotted if you use a liquid rinse product. The stainless steel interior is a plus. I highly recommend this SPT product. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:36:12	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
66205257	Seems to work just as well as most large sized dishwashers I've encountered.  It doesn't do silverware as well as I'd like, but everything else comes out clean.For those of you who already own the product and were maybe having trouble with the sprayer arm not rotating- it's probably your plates in the back blocking it.  My smaller plates hang down below the basket enough to stop the arm from spinning. I fixed that by sticking a butter knife horizontally inside the basket just below the plates to boost them up half an inch.  No problems with the arm since. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:40:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
64960999	This is the worst dishwasher!  We had it for just over 2 years, when we started getting an HE error.  The manual instructed us to call a technician when that error is activated.  After calling 3 different appliance repair companies, none of them work on LG dishwashers (that should be your first clue NOT to buy this dishwasher).  Our only option is to go through Sears, which is a pain because they are hard to schedule and are expensive - $110 prepay just to get the tech to your house!  HORRIBLE purchase, wish we had never got it.  Please go with another manufacturer. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:40:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
17871707	I have my Danby Countertop dishwasher in a small kitchen in Brooklyn, NY and it is just plain a great product. I have had it for almost two years without any problems and I use it constantly.  I sometimes worry that Danby might change the design because even if mine broke I would buy another one without hestitation. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:40:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
20030437	We had this dishwasher for two years and the motor quit. It was still under warranty (can't remember, but I think we bought extra coverage). The first repairman (they HAD to be from Maytag approved place) didn't show and the second one was more than strange (I found out later he double charged me on some replacement prongs) . . . and the run around I got from the Maytag company itself was totally unbelievable! I would NEVER buy a Maytag appliance for the so-called customer service alone. If you don't mind being hassled by a company (and that was just to get the order for a repairman to come out!) and don't mind wasting a whole lot of time - then purchase this dishwasher - it cleans pretty well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:40:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	motor defect	true
69174300	In remodeling my kitchen I really wanted this item for it's looks and uniqueness.  I wish I had done differently.  This is a great concept rather poorly executed.  Do not be deceived by the literature and pictures.  I think when they stacked it full of dishes they must have been using Corel or some other product where everything is smaller.  You cannot load the average small glass or cup on the top rack making it virtually unusable.  There is no secure place for plastic items like measuring cups, utensils, etc.  Deep bowls (cereal)are not easily accommodated along with other dishes.  No matter what, a dinner meal will require both drawers.  So in usability it almost fails.  Also, this product is not a quiet as you would think or be led to think.  The bottom drawer is noisier than the top one.  The dishwasher does not completely drain either so there is always a small amount of water in the filter space and you must seriously prewash your dishes.  If the drain hoses are not properly installed the bottom drawer can drain or backflow into the upper one.  It also does not clean any better than any other dishwasher.  This dishwasher has been with me now for almost a year and I'm scheduling my fourth service call.  It lacks in reliability compared to all previous dishwashers I have owned. Buy it for looks but not if you want it to do any serious work. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:40:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	reliability, design, and noise complaints	true
28689651	After about 2 weeks with the dishwasher, which, as a side note, is not technically allowed in my apartment building, my partner and I are very pleased. We are still experimenting with the best arrangement so all of the dishes are washed equally well (a few have not come out clean). It is very quiet and easy to use. It holds a fairly large amount of dishes, though you must be careful about where everything is placed. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:41:50	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
71595459	We replaced an older GE panel front washer and his new model has some new features. Haven't reall taken that much advantage of the pre-fillable soap bu I cleans just as well  as the old one.  Had heard newer washers didn't clean as well with the water saving functions and energy star compliance, but not true with s washer.Only gripe is with the upper an lower trays. The older GE model gave more options and configurations with the bar that all folded. Here the lower rack is close to the old but not quite. The upper rack is bare, to the point I thought the installers must have left something behind. For example the glass barbs only go half the length of the rack and they are not foldable either. A bit of a disappointment to be honest.I think the new model is quieter than the old and so overall we a happy. Was able to reuse the wood font panel and again it cleans dishes great. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:41:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
60393988	This is the worst dishwasher I've ever had.I just had a new Kenmore put in yesterday,and the guy  who put the new one in told me to never buy a Frigidare Dishwasher,he's had nothing but problems with this product.It was only 6 years old,and there was burn marks on my  cabinet when he took it out,and water dameage on the tile. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:41:50	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53769234	We bought the top of the line Bosch about 14 years ago for about $1000,00, it was amazing. So quiet you couldn't hear it running, dishes always came out spotless and clean and dry. The stainless steel interior, rack system, and no stupid heating element in the bottom screamed quality.  After 14 years, one of the pumps and water valve went out and the cost was $500 to repair.  I decided to buy the new top of the line SHXER55UC, although the $500 would probably have kept my old machine working for another 10 years.  DON'T BUY THROUGH AMAZON if you live in California!  You can find delivered with NO 10% Sales Tax and much less on the Internet--Just Google the model number.  Amazon was the first traitor to agree to charge California Sales Tax on Internet Sales when they didn't have to so I always boycott them.  I expect my new Bosch to last another 15 years and look forward to enjoying the new features like the 3rd rack, water softener, and even 9 Db quieter than my old model which is hard to imagine. It's being installed tomorrow and I'll update on how it compares to my old Bosch, I expect it to be the Porsche of dishwashers.  The performance of the Bosch has been much better than my Sub-Zero 48 inch and equal to my 48 inch Wolf Range, the only kitchen appliance I think offers better quality and performance is my 54 inch Vent-a-Hood.  If you like top of the line kitchen appliances, Bosch can't be beat for dishwashers. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:41:50	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14863841	After 6 years on the dishwasher, the electrics died. Cost to repair: $750 plus taxes. Reason for the high cost: part comes from Germany, or some such drivel. One would expect that a high end dishwasher would actually perform well, over a reasonable period of time. Welcome to the age of mediocrity. Whatever happened to German engineering. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:41:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50195734	I rely heavily on reviews and mistakenly bought this when it first came out 2 years ago and was not reviewed.  It cleans terribly, especially the silverware.  There is definitely a design flaw in the top rack adjuster as both of mine have already broken. Replacements are min. $40 a pop.  The plastic axle of the roller snapped with a full load of clean glasses.  It was not overloaded, only full like a dishwasher should be.  Clearly the plastic is not designed strong enough to support the weight of the upper rack.  Additionally, the upper rack has always felt like it was tipping forward, unstable.  Have never had that feeling in any other of the dozens of dishwashers I've encountered in my life.  Complained officially to Whirlpool and they declined to send a replacement.  Should have stuck with LG or the German brands!  Don't buy! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:43:53	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	rack defect, plastic material defect	true
31375933	We recently purchased a new home and this appliance was one the builder chose. Coming from a much older home with an older and less expensive dishwasher, I am very disappointed with this one. My rinse indicator light stays on as someone else said, I've filled it and when I follow the manual to try and turn the indicator off (by pushing the steam or power dry button 7 times) it only changes the cycle to include the power dry. The top button and especially the screen are impossible to see with the standard counter overhang. I'm rewashing dishes on the normal cycle that never had dried food on them such as a glass bowl of marinade. I'm beginning to wonder just how unsanitary this machine is for my family and it's very irritating. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:43:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design and cleanliness complaints	true
62511380	This dishwasher may be small, but it packs a punch. I don't have the hookup for a full sized dishwasher and fighting over who does the dishes was getting overwhelming. This purchase solved all the problems. I've had it for almost a year now and its been very trustworthy. Hooks up straight to your kitchen sink and washes up to 5 settings at once. Make sure to measure out the counter top space before you buy it. It's pretty tall and might not fit. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
19798398	It cleans the dishes fine, but no drying cycle to speak of. Dishes are always wet and have to be hand dried. I wish I would have spent a little more and bought a name brand, but this is ok. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
42340050	We went to not having a dishwasher to having this one.  It cleans well and the racks are versatile enough.  It is super quiet.  We have close quarters and we hear it for some cycles, but most of the time we don't even know it is on.  The beeping for the end of each cycle was super annoying and so we turned it off by following direction.  The red light on the bottom is a nice feature because as I said, you can hear it most of the time and the red light indicates that it is still cleaning.The biggest complaint is the rinse well indicator light stopped working within a month or so.  The compartment for the rinse aid doesn't seem to work quite like it was intended either.  When we first used it, it would slowly us the rinse aid and when the light went out a couple washes down the road, we would refill.  Now it empties with each wash.  We still fill it up because it does help tremendously with the cleaning and drying of the dishes. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:43:53	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	No Complaint	Yes		true
62692422	this dishwasher has a design flaw which Kitchenaid does not want to admit.  the unit creates so much condensation that it will damage your counter top the cabinet next to it and your floor.  Also the service people claim the unit is working ok and the warranty does not apply. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:46:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
21852286	I wanted to add a review for this Washer - it's fantastic.  I looked at reviews and was wondering if I made the right choice but I did.  I got this a few months back and have really liked it.  I replaced a Kenmore that was over 13 years old - it was fantastic too.  Looked at new Kenmore and Kitchenaid but they just didn't seem very well put together and they were very expensive!  I purchased at Home Depot with 5 year warranty - Home Depot takes care of all service.  Un-boxed - the unit looked very well put together with great insulation!  The balance screw was also very cool on bottom - once you push the unit it - you can use a screw in the from to balance the back!  Easy install for plumbing and electric and yes there is no plug - I don't need one since I hardwire mine.  If you need plug - make sure to order one.  Inside of this unit is so much bigger then my previous Kenmore!  Everything is very nice and I love the fact that the heating element is hidden!!!!  Some complain that the dishes don't fully dry.  If you want your stuff fully dry - don't get this unit.  Most all my stuff is dry - some plastics don't dry right away - but we usually open the door after wash is finished and let everything dry.  With out old unit we didn't use the dry cycle anyway to be more Green and save energy.  We love the way this unit works.  It uses fan and heat of stainless steal interior to dry everything.  The vent is on the bottom of the unit, which I like better then coming out of the top!  I have hardwood floors and the steam coming out the bottom is not an issue.  I love the control panel and have had not issues with it.  Cleaning the unit is very easy to do!  Bottom cover plate is also very nice and adjustable - much better than the plastic junk that comes on the Kenmore and Kitchenaid.  My friend got the Kitchenaid and his bottom cover plate is always coming off and service has visited his house many time to fix it and they were never able to fix it.  This cover plate is metal as well.  SPOTS - we don't get any spots on our dishes either!  We refuse to use Spot Rinse products due to chemicals used.  We do have water softener so our water is not hard at all.  After each wash the dishwasher is always very clean on the inside as well - where my friends Kitchenaid seems to have a lot of residue.  So I'm not sure why there are so many bad reviews unless they are not valid reviews?  I really like this unit and highly recommend it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86095089	My husband and I purchased this dishwasher for our son's birthday. His small kitchen had no room to install a full size dishwasher, or even a roll around. This one sits on the counter top and does not take up a lot of space. Our son really enjoys this dishwasher. It is easy to hook up. He hates to do dishes, so this New Air 6 place Countertop dishwasher has turned out to be a perfect gift for him. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34674618	Very quiet!! Cleans great!! Very nice quality.  Good price for stainless inside and out.  Easy to install, good directions. Will recommend  whirlpool gold products. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
5594577	I had a Danby countertop dishwasher that I used for about 4 years and I loved it.  I despise doing dishes so these portable dishwashers are a godsend for me as I am still renting and I don't have the option of a conventional built in dishwasher.  I ended up getting a new dish set about a year ago, but unfortunantly because the set has square plates, the larger plates did not fit in the countertop.  I had to angle them in a weird way and it was just a hassel..... So I finally decided to get a new, bigger dishwasher that I was hoping would be able to accomodate my square plates.Enter the SPT dishwasher.... I was a little skepticle buying a dishwasher from A) A brand I was not too familiar with, and B) One that did not have any reviews yet.  Well, after using it for a few days, I am in love with this thing.  It looks great, much better than the old Danby countertop, and it sits at the perfect height with my counters.  The power cord and the water hoses having a storage compartment in the back is great, and allows it to very quickly be thrown to its storage area when it is not in use.  The dishes are coming out great so far, and coming from the countertop with only one spray arm below the dishes, having the second spray arm also hitting the bottom rack from the top is great.  All of that I was sort of expecting given the design of the dishwasher though, now on to what really suprised me and went above my expectations.First of all, this thing is quiet.... I mean, I could sleep next to this thing and have no issues.  The first time I went to use it, I was stumped.  The front panel indicated that it was on and working, but it was so quiet filling with water and then running, I did not even realize it was working because the TV volume in my livingroom 30 feet away was covering up the sound of this running with me standing right next to it.  This was FANTASTIC to me as the old countertop dishwasher was very loud, partially to the fact that I think the front window that Danby feels their dishwashers need did not insulate sound at all and the spray hitting the window created quite a purcussion effect between the two window panels.  Seriously, that old Danby countertop made me have to turn the TV in my living room up when it was running....Anyway, back to the SPT. Another great thing that caught me by suprise was that the top shelf is able to adjust between two different heights.  This is nice as it makes it able to accomodate taller glasses and such.  My square plates can not fit with the top set to the lower of the two settings, but its no big deal to move it depending on what it is that I want to wash.I was a little hesitant of the silverware basket, but all the silverware is coming out nice and clean so far.  The filter system used in this is a huge step up from the countertop.  This uses a three stage filter that ensures it catches everything and actually breaks up what is caught in the filter to send it through the drain.  The dishwasher is able to use those special All in 1 tablets and has a special setting for them, but I have not used them yet.... I will probably pick some up after my current round of powder detergent is used up. Finally, there is also a start delay button so you can choose to have the dishcycle start automatically after a set delay time.Any negatives so far?  None that are really a glaring negative for me.... But the wash cycles are quite long, with the normal being a bit under two hours, and the heavy being about two hours and 15 minutes.  There are shorter cycles available, but those are the only two standard washes I have been using.  It is worth noting though that this has quite a few cycle options...more what you expect from a regular dishwasher rather than a portable.  My old countertop only had a dial to select the time, with a full wash taking about an hour, so even though it takes longer, the expanded flexability and options offset that for me.  The hoses are plenty long to use with the unit in front or just to the side of the sink, but if you want to use it from the end of your counters or more than a few feet from your sink, you will need to make a trip to Lowes or Home Depot and get some extra hose and fittings to lengthen them. My counter end is about three and a half feet from my sink side, and me being lazy and not wanting to wheel the dishwasher out all the time or having it in the way in front of the sink, just lengthened the hoses a little and can now leave it in place.The dishwasher is delivered by freight, and it arrived in suprisingly good shape with no box punctures or issues.  On the inside, it is packed with a good amount of styrofoam padding and comes fully assembled with the wheel casters, hoses, and everything else already attached so it is ready for use straight out of the box.*Update 6/9/13*Well, I finally finished building my house and have passed the dishwasher on to a family member as I now have a built in.  The unit still looked and operated like new when I parted with it.  The faucet hookup had developed a little bit of a constant dripping leak with the water on, but I am sure some new O-rings could have fixed that little problem.  I might have been lucky, but I never had any pieces break on it, though I did try to be gentle with it.  I would still highly recommend this to anyone looking for a portable unit who have some floor space to spare. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:46:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69695148	Our 496W has worked perfectly for many months and saved a ton of work.  It is perfect for two people and is easy to install and connect.  You need to brush food off dishes before loading them in to the well-made, microwave-like unit, which cannot clean off dried remnants.  But that minor gripe that is probably common to all compact dishwashers; this has still been an excellent buy.My best advice:  If you can't spare countertop space, buy a $50 Bekvam kitchen cart from Ikea!  This cart is the perfect size and height, moveable, very solid, and is practically made for this dishwasher [and its digitally-controlled sequel, the Danby 497W]: [...] 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:51:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
28155061	I loved this machine for the first 4 months--after that it has been nothing but trouble .  It leaks from the bottom and from the hoses that will not stay tight.  I have to put towels everywhere to stop from damaging my counter and floors.  I bought a year contract to return and I am sending it back! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:51:27	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
19895201	Others reviewers warned about how unhelpful the manual is, but even after reading those before buying I was still surprised by the lack of information and the counter-intuitive presentation. I got the machine to run once through, but now it's stopping shortly after starting, with prolonged beeping and light flashing that I don't know how to interpret even after reading the manual and surfing the web. I'll amend this review if I get it working, but I can't imagine recommending this product - it's not worth the hassle! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:51:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	unclear instructions, not working complaint	true
32326117	I don't know what everyone is talking about here. This unit works great! Sure, it's a 18in so you can't fit at much as a full 24in.So far I've had it for 6 months. It looks great, cleans perfect even with the cheap store brand soap. Anyone who is having problems probably:1) Isn't using any jet dry2) Hooked it to their cold water supply (instead of hot).3) Didn't level it to the floor 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:51:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
2340680	You cant beat it for the price. Period. I have had dishwashers all over the place - I've used Bosch, Whirlpool, no-names, whatever - used it, been there, done that.It is extremely difficult to find a dishwasher sub $300 that does a good job. Its just the truth. The cheap, lower end built-ins usually are sub-par and break down after about a year.- Stainless steel interior. One reason why I chose this was because you cannot argue with stainless steel, which will never absorb anything quite like plastic.- Price point below $300 - you cannot do better with this price.- Small kitchen footprint and small electrical cost and even smaller water usage - barely uses or needs any water because it is a smaller unit. For 1-2 people, this dishwasher is perfect.- you can load an amazing amount of dishes in. such a small dishwasher. I also mixed up the locations of the dishes and was still pleased with.how they turned out.You can also hook this unit up permanently which I did - the intake hose opening is standard dishwasher and luckily I had 3/8 OD on my pipes so just a 3/8OD T and 5 ft tube (I replaced with metal for hot water) and then put the out under my sink after cutting some PVC - about $35 all said and done, and I don't have to hook or unhook it anymore.So I tested the unit - unscrubbed dishes, no prewashing: dishes coated in alfredo sauce, dishes coated in chili oil - and on the 'many dishes' (heavy?) setting they got them all perfectly clean.Slight problems that others have noted:the drying cycle takes forever. I just open it up, and they dry spotless. No problems here.The dishwashing cycle takes about 2 hours. Whatever, at least I'm not washing them?Will update the review if there is interest in a few months. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 13:51:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
88627339	Installation was easier than I thought, and I had it up and running with no real problems, In 15 minutes.  I did need a little teflon tape to stop a very minor drip in the water line connector, but it was easy to fix 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:58:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90996112	This product isn't worth its money, any money for all I know. Firstly, the washer is way too small, even for a family of three. You can hardly fit a day's worth of dishes in there. It is loud and its cycles don't rinse properly. Secondly, the Haier customer service is unprecedented in its poor performance. I would strongly advise against this buy. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:58:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
79133240	I purchased this dishwasher from Lowes to replace my el-cheapo I been having for about 7 years.I really liked this one b/c it was nice looking and ENERGY EFFICIENT (OMG, that is a big false advertisment).It took about three days of me using it to realize it runs for almost four hours on the energy saving setting, so I changed my settings to quick wash,still ran for an hour and a half and suprisingly enough my dishes were never completely clean even running half the day,lol.Also, the rubber around the door kept falling off.Unfortunately, I took my lose and gave it away and went back to my trusty el-cheapo. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:58:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30098286	I just bought this dishwasher and was thrilled at how quickly it arrived. I purchased it on Wednesday and it arrived on Thursday! Tracking was a breeze. Once I unpacked the unit, I was surprised at how light it was.It came with all the parts to install it to my sink's faucet, though it did take me a few minutes to discover the plastic hookup actually had the faucet adaptor inside it. Once I pulled the metal faucet adapter out and screwed it onto my sink's faucet - I was ready to go. I hooked up all the tubes - be careful not to over tighten them, but get them tight! I plugged the unit in and turned on the water. No leaks so I put a few dishes in and started the washer last night.The unit is surprisingly quiet (for a dishwasher) and it takes awhile for the load to run. Once the load was finished I just open the door to let everything dry out. Tonight will be my second try with the dishwasher. So far everything is good, no leaks. I set the unit up on a kitchen cart with wheels so I can just move it to the sink when I'm ready to use it.The silver color is nice and the door design is very simple. No buttons to press before you can open the door or close it. Just a simple pull or push to shut it. When the unit is powered, opening or closing the door results in a beep.This is an energy star efficient washer, so I'm hoping it saves me on time and water (hand washing dishes tends to take me more water than this unit uses).I will try and edit or add another review once I've had the unit a little longer. 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:58:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51017471	At first the dishwasher worked great! When functioning properly, it cleans dishes very well - even with some caked on food (though it can have trouble fully cleaning knives). If it had no problems, it would be great for any small household with people who hate spending time doing the dishes or for people who are low on space (or both!).Now, I can't run it without getting an E3 error code which indicates a problem either with the water not heating up to the correct temperature or with the heating sensor. When this happens, the dishwasher does a final rinse and shuts down. I would have no problem if it ran through the normal course ignoring heating element of the cycle, but this is not the case. This occurred after about a dozen washes, so I definitely did not get my money's worth.Disappointing. :( 	agilay	10-26-2015 13:58:09	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24647140	From the mixed reviews, I had my reservations about this product. I was worried about everything from the dishwasher being damaged during shipping to the ease of setting it up, as well as its cleaning capabilities. My biggest worry was having to deal with bad customer service, which was a major theme from some of the worst reviews I read back in February when I made this purchase. I am extremely happy to report, after 8 months of continuous use (at least once a day  sometimes twice a day), that this little dishwasher has proven itself to be an essential part of our tiny kitchen.First, let me report the negatives. Some of the worries I had were not entirely unfounded. The dishwasher arrived in a relatively flimsy box with almost no protection (e.g., styrofoam, packing peanuts) except for the cardboard itself. My order arrived undamaged but I can easily see how others may not be so lucky. After unboxing the dishwasher, there were very few instructions in the booklet provided but, admittedly, there are very few things to do to actually set it up. Being a relatively handy person, I figured out how to attach the product  make it work in about 15 minutes. My faucet has an aerator at the end where the water comes out  all I had to do was unscrew that piece  screw on the funnel-shaped attachment piece that came with the dishwasher. I do not remember any other details about the attachment process (since it was 8 months ago) but I can see how someone less handy would be frustrated with the lack of instructions. Lastly, the electrical cord that comes with this unit is not very long (~3 ft). Since the dishwasher has to be placed at or above the level of the sink for proper drainage  it needs to be close to the faucet for water intake, I imagine that some people would have problems with the short electrical cord if there is not an outlet near the kitchen sink.Overall, I would say that the negatives I mentioned are minor, given your order arrives in working  undamaged conditions.Now here are the major pluses. This dishwasher does an excellent job of properly cleaning our dishes, cutleries, tupperwares,  even small pots  pans that fit inside. No pre-rinsing is necessary as long as all large pieces of food are removed. Since we do not let food harden onto our dishes before we wash them, I cannot speak to its capabilities in that respect. One of the 3 options for running the dishwasher is rinse  I suppose that anyone who wants to let the dishes sit over night can just use this function to rinse them so that food would not harden onto them. The other two options are normal  heavy. Most of the time, we just use the normal option but we do like the heavy option when we manage to fit a lot of things in there or when we think they are especially greasy. As far as I can tell, all this latter option does is washing them longer with an extra cycle of rinse as well.I think that there are 2 variables that are very important in terms of getting dishes clean; they are the water temperature  the placement of the things that you want to clean. The hot water in our building is already very hot  that certainly helps to get the grease off. There is also a heating element in the dishwasher that makes the water scolding hot  most things come out squeaky clean because of that. As for the placement of things inside the dishwasher, it can be a little tricky to optimize what little space there is. As advertised, we have no problems fitting a 4-person place setting, with 4 large plates, 4 little plates, 4 sets of cutleries,  4 mugs. With just two of us eating most of the time, it usually means that we can do a day's worth of dishes at night. We find that it is easiest to leave things outside of the dishwasher until there is enough for a load  then figure out what should go where. It can be like a puzzle but it's really not too bad.One final tip is that by default, the vent function is turned on. This is supposed to help dry things inside but we do not use it as we find that air drying works best  saves energy. In our unit, there was no instruction of how not use that option. By trial  error, we figured out that by pressing one of the option button twice (i.e., pressing normal twice for the normal option), the vent function is turned off.Overall, we love our little Haier dishwasher. We have saved lots of time, effort,  water by not doing handwashing  it fits great in our tiny place. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:02:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
16167250	I don't give 5 stars unless it came with $1,000 in cash inside but this gets 4 stars. Our office is all guys. We got tired of doing dishes. Had it for a few months so not long but it is: quiet (fairly), sleek, easy to use, easy to set up, etc. The faucet attachment I was able to hand tighten on and it has never leaked. The hose attachment is sturdy and doesn't leak either just make sure it is pressed up onto the faucet adapter well.Several modes, quick, somewhat quick, long, extra long. I found you need to use a decent detergent to get coffee stains off inside of cups. We use it 90% to just do coffee mugs. the 1:20m setting works well with a packet liquid/grain detergent. We will run it once a week when we have no training classes. When we have classes with 8-10 more people using mugs we will run it each AM. We make sure to have 20 mugs on hand in case we don't get to it.Sits well on counter, hoses are sturdy, and can be shaken off for excess water then curled behind unit. We have the unit on the counter near the sink. Works fine. The hose attaches, and if you want to use the faucet while it is running, just either disconnect/reconnect it quickly in between fills, or hold the temporary pressure release down and use it that way to fill up the coffee machine, etc.Over all it has served us well and is not a beast to look at. Pleased with the purchase. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:02:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59364113	You will regret buying this dishwasher. Buyer beware--nothing but trouble. There are plenty of dishwashers that actually work--I am tired of waiting for this piece of junk to be serviced. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:02:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
74972951	I purchased a Bosch SHX98M09UC dishwasher in less than a year ago in October, 2009 for about $1500. We do no more than 2 to 3 loads a week. Good points: EXTREMELY quiet. Bad points - just about everything else. The worst thing, and it is VERY BAD - is the smell.  There is a chemical smell that eminates from the dishwasher that fills our kitchen. After doing Internet searches, I found this to be a common issue with Bosch dishwashers. It is truly nauseating and develops without any dishes in the dishwasher.Now after about 30 loads (max) a Check water supply message is being displayed on the LCD and the dishwasher no longer works.My only recommendation is to stay away from Bosch dishwashers!bertUpdate: We had a Bosch service company come down and look at it. It turns out that they had to replace the return hose - once they did this, the smell and message went away. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:02:38	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
90642673	I never thought in my wildest dreams our little kitchen would house a dishwasher unless we did a major remodel. It took some time to figure out how to maximize the space in it, but overall, it cleans remarkably well and is quiet. I recommend to anyone with a tiny kitchen who is tired of breaking their back doing dishes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:02:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16886866	Extremely quiet. Solid construction. Straightforward to install.Rack structure works well. Soap holder is a little shaky - same design as on my previous washer, which eventually became hard to use. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:07:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
47655135	After owning an earlier model Danby for 6 years, the machine died and required replacing. Without hesitation, we purchased this new Danby.What a let down. The new machine is nothing like the old in function, though nearly identical in looks.- I have yet to clean a batch of dishes and not have some dishes come out dirty- Often, more than half the dishes have grime stuck to them when they come out... usually dirtier than when they went in.- Wash cycles take twice as long as the previous machine- There is no indication of how long the cycle will last- the machine is incredibly loud compared to the older model, and beeps equally loudly (making it impossible to run dishes overnight)The new machine has wasted far more time than it saves. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:07:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
56857615	I have owned this dishwasher since October of 2008 and it has been in constant daily use of at least twice a day.  It has served our family well and looks as if it is still brand new.  The baskets have not eroded as our past dishwasher; nor have they stained!  We are a family of five and we are able to load A LOT of plates, bowls, cups, mugs and even a cutting board and pyrex glass tray.  The cutlery basket is removable and my back is so grateful for that.  It is wonderful being able to walk over to the cutlery drawer and being able to unload, opposed to walking back and forth as we previously did.  The inside is spacious and can accommodate a stock pot depending on the size of your load.  The stainless steel finish is great and has held up well.  There has not been a rust issue on the lower portion.  I state the lower portion because we have left the plastic on the door because of all the 'kid' traffic in our kitchen.  No one has noticed the plastic to this very day.The buttons work wonderfully and only need to be lightly pressed.  It is great not dealing with any knobs or dials.  Another feature that I love is the 'child lock' that can be activated by pressing lock twice.  This locks in your settings and will not be interrupted if anyone accidentally presses something else.  We have not had to run a clean or vinegar rinse as of yet because their are not any odors that have been retained.  We have had only two incidents where two forks have not come out sparkling clean and that was because they had been crusty and not loaded properly.Highly recommend the GE bargain name if this is how the rest of their dishwashers operate.  Purchased in the three-hundred dollar range in 2008.  If you can still locate this dishwasher model then I highly recommend that you make the purchase. If it serves you as it has our family, then you will not regret it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:07:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90245398	This unit was easy to install, looks great and is extreamlly easy to use. Ths dishes come clean without problems. This is one of the quietest units we have ever hand in one of our homes. Would we buy again? Oh heck yea! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:07:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
2904636	This thing is a real workhorse, honestly it's just like having a real dishwasher in my dorm.  I love that it is on wheels so we can roll it out of the way when we want to cook, and then at the end we can throw dishes, pots, pans and utensils into the dishwasher.  The most we ever had to do was two loads on a night when we did a three-course meal for a bunch of people and there was no chance of doing all the dishes simultaneously.  The actual device is quiet (except when it drains water into the sink but that only startles you for a couple of days) and also has a very sleek design.  I love having the different settings for washing my wine glasses or my pots with things baked on, and for the amount of work it does, it doesn't even use that much water.  Very easy to hook up and in this sense it is very plug-and-play, I would highly recommend it to someone living in a space that does not have room for a traditional dishwasher.  Just be careful to make sure the pipes are empty before you put them away, sometimes there is water in the pipe when you take it off the sink and, as my roommate has learned, it will fly onto you if you swing the pipe and it's not empty.  And the first time we used it, we didn't realize there was one more drain cycle left, so we unhooked it (forgetting to turn off the faucet so water exploded everywhere when we took the hook-up off) and then the machine started draining the water left in the basin through the pipe we had detached.  That was fun.  So a) learn from our mistakes and b) enjoy your dishwasher!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:07:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37923885	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher has been a constant disappointment. We spent about $500 for repairs to things documented as known problems online, and have only kept it because I learned to fix it myself and it hasn't fully died, though it doesn't clean dishes well, and regularly malfunctions by getting clogged with minor debris and the door popping open during cycle.Warranty is shot, customer service lacking, and products shoddy. Will not buy a Kitchenaid again. For more details:[...] 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:22:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84615039	The size is great for out family of four and small enough we can easily slide it out of the way. I do wish it had slightly longer tubing as well as a way to organize the tubing. The beeping when it is left open when plugged in drives my husband crazy but I like being aware of the energy drain. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
90635247	I have owned this Samsung dishwasher for about a month now.  I am shocked to see the bad rap it is getting on this site.  There were some growing pains with it, that I will describe below, but I went to the Samsung website and looked at their troubleshooting section and I found my answers.Like other reviewers, the single biggest complaint I had was that the dishes were not coming out dry.  They were soaked!  The inside walls of the dishwasher were dripping wet after drying on the Very Dry/Sanitize cycle and being left closed all night. Hmmm. Well, there is a big note on the top of the door that says for dry dishes, you need to use a drying agent.  I had never used one before.  How could that possibly work?  On the Samsung troubleshooting website it mentions a specific brand to get, Jet Dry Turbo Dry.  I went to the store and bought it for $6.  You add it to the dishwasher once a month and set how much to use by turning a small dial 1(min) to 4(max).  A bottle looks like it will last about 6 months. With Jet Dry Turbo Dry everything is bone dry.  This is on the Normal Dry setting and with the dial set to 2. Amazing stuff.  I don't understand how it works so well, but it does.It turns out if you read the manual and use the recommended products, it works great.I use regular Electrosol soap tablets and have not had any problems with clean dishes or cutlery.  I did not need to use any high efficiency soap like mentioned in a previous review.  I just stuck to the regular stuff that Samsung recommends.It is very quiet, which is amazing to me since it has a garburator in it for tough food scraps.  It does not have a filter that needs cleaning like many European models. It takes just over 2 hours for a full clean/dry cycle but that is because it is energy efficient - one of the lowest energy consumptions in it's class.  I can sacrifice speed to save energy ($$$) since I only do a single load of dishes a day anyway.People say the rack is no good?  What more would you like?  The top rack's height is adjustable without even taking the rack off the tracks.  There is a button on each side of the top rack so you and raise and lower it.  That is handy, I had a large pizza pan in the bottom and was able to raise the top rack so it would fit. Even the little pegs that stick up to hold the plates and dishes on the racks are adjustable.  You can make them vertical or learn to the right or left.  There are about 5 settings for these that you can click between, moving each row independently of the row beside it.  Set them how you want.  The cutlery basket is removable, some sections of the bottom rack lift right out if they are in the way or there are too many little pegs. You set it how you like so how can people complain? I think people just do not know they can change it to how they like.The heater at the bottom for drying is covered so you wont have to worry about plastic items falling on the heater and melting.There is supposed to be a cycle that you set and the dishwasher detects how clean the dishes are by how much food is in the water.  Clean dishes use less water and time to wash, dirty ones take longer and it keeps going until it is clean.  This sounds like a great feature, but I just realized I have never tried it.  I may one day, but right now it cleans great just set to normal clean and normal dry.I was initially displease with my purchase, but using the recommended Jet Dry Turbo Dry with it has changed my opinion on this dishwasher.  I love it!  I hope this review helps others with their decision and even helps those that have given it a bad review due to poor drying.  Read the manual, once I did (after about a week) it works great.  :) 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
82437028	I believe this to be the best value all around.  Very easy to use and cleans the dishes very well.  I've been using it for about two months and have had no problems what so ever.  If your looking for an affordable space saving dishwasher without altering your kitchen then this is it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
89181811	Dishwasher was part of new construction, didn't get it by choice.It has the worst imaginable interior rack setup.  Forget about washing standard bowls in this thing, they don't fit anywhere.  You can get about 4 large plates in the bottom rack, so be prepared to run this every night if you eat at home.  The top rack isn't much better with a double row of little prongs that are useless, their sole purpose to make half of the top rack not able to hold cups.The *REAL* issue I have with this dishwasher is that it simply does not dry dishes at all.  We were told by customer support over the phone that we needed rinse aid and that was the magic thing that this dishwasher lacked to dry dishes.  No.  We were told by a technician that came out that maybe our hot water wasn't hot enough to DRY dishes.  No.  It has an Added Heat option which heats up the water in the dishwasher so that is not the issue.  It simply does not dry dishes at all. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:22:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
56036732	This product does what it is suppose to do.  It works fine for us seeing it is only my wife and I, however, as others mentioned it does not fit plates as stated, so it probably will not work well for a family of 4. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:25:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
47702544	Arrived seriously damaged; returned it and got my money back. Box looked fine, so who knows whose fault it was....just a hassle for this guy. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:25:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
30850010	Started failing within a year (Controls). Two motors and two seals later with water damage to my hardwood floors... yes, you can guess, I am not at all pleased with this product. It is junk... do not buy it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:25:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
31963689	bought the Samsung refrigerator and make the mistake of buying their other items to match.  I swear, dishes come out dirtier than when you put them in. If any dish has anything on it, the washer will spread it onto everything else and bake it on. If you don't unload them immediately after the cycle, they begin to smell. The only thing we can do is fully wash our dishes in the sink, then run them through the dishwasher as a rinsing/drying station. Tabs on upper rack have broken off and aren't covered under the warranty. It has now lost all power, and I think we'll just look for a new dishwasher rather than pay to repair this one which never really did what it was supposed to do in the first place. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:25:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35399935	I live in a little log cabin in Alaska and don't have a dishwasher When the gravity defying stacks of culinary procrastination became too much to bear(I hate doing the dishes) I caved and bought this little guy. I should have bought it a year ago-while I have only done one load so far it is everything I hoped for and more. Super easy to set up, the adaptor fit the faucet with no problems, and out come sparkly clean dishes.I'll report back in a few months and let everyone know how it has held up 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:25:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76370918	Our first Kitchen Aid dishwasher lasted 25 years, so another Kitchen Aid was the obvious choice for a replacement. We purchased the KUDE 48 FXSS6 model.It is much quieter than our old Superba from the 80's, and has a spacious interior. There is a good selection of wash cycle settings, but unfortunately, the poorly placed touchpad activates too easily. Generally every time the door is opened/closed. Annoying.This unit requires an opening that is more than 36#34; high. The installer did not tell us that he had to remove the rear adjustable feet to fit the 36#34; high space. Now, unfortunately, the unit is canted forward, and the top rack has a tendency to roll out unexpectedly...usually just as I lean over to add detergent. Ouch!The Stainless Steel trim package requires extra maintenance (vs enamel, etc) to keep it looking sanitary.Finally...the EXPOSED HEATING ELEMENT in the well of the dishwasher is a major flaw, in terms of design (location and no shroud or cover), convenience (difficult to clean under), and SAFETY (more than one piece of plastic has found its way down there to be melted). Please see photos of a recent incident.Somehow, the cover for the flatware basket came free, and lodged underneath that dangerous heating element. The pictures tell the story. Most of the shortcomings for this model can be tolerated, and the workmanship is certainly above reproach.I'm only giving one star for this model because I feel that the potential for fire outweighs most of the better features. Too bad. RD; might want to rethink this design. Although I may recommend a Kitchen Aid dishwasher to someone, it would be with reservations, and I certainly would try to discourage anyone from purchasing this particular model. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:30:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint, rack and heating element defect	true
86737872	SAMSUNG MAKES THE MOST CRAPPIEST APPLIANCES. WE BOUGHT THE FRIDGE AND THIS DISHWASHER FROM SEARS OUTLET. THE FRIDGE GOT BUSTED IN 3 DAYS AND THE DISHWASHER GOT BUSTED AFTER 2 MONTHS. WE BOUGHT SEARS PROTECTION. THE TECHNICIAN HAS REPLACED OVER 900 DOLLARS WORTH OF PARTS AND ITS STILL NOT WORKING. PLEASE LEARN FROM MY EXPERIENCE. STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG APPLIANCES.I LEFT A NEGATIVE REVIEW ON SAMSUNG WEBSITE AND THEY TOOK IT OFF BY SAYING THAT THEY DO NOT ALLOW NEGATIVE REVIEW ON THEIR SITE. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:30:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		true
21224429	Works fine for a few months, but then starts to develop leaking problems. Ends up flooding the counter-tops with dishwater. Don;t think I'm the only one who has encountered this problem -- see the other reviews. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:30:10	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
62423384	We have purchased and paid for this dishwasher only to have it arrive damaged. It's not damaged on the outside though, it's actually damaged on the inside. The inside damage makes it impossible for the door to properly close and would cause leaking if the appliance was hooked up. We immediately sent the first dishwasher back and they came out two weeks later with another one. The second one was dented on the inside as well. This clearly indicates a severe lack of quality control. It's very noticeable. This should not be a recurring issue with high end appliances. Very disappointed. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:30:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes	door defect	true
22727371	The motherboard in this unit is a hunk of junk.  Purchased the dishwasher 10/08/10 from Lowes with an extended warrantee.  Since I have owned this dishwasher, it's been replaced once, plus an additional replacement of FIVE main motherboards.  Taking multiple days off from work, (for a four hour window) only to find out that the dishwasher needs another repair because of the faulty motherboard. The latest one was replaced a week ago, and it's already not working.  In the dark of night I have to go out with my flashlight, and trip the switch on my circuit breaker, just to get it to work.  It can take several tries to power it up.  It's ridiculous!  I've called Samsung and spoke with customer relations, but all they tell me to do is contact the extended warrantee company, (through Lowe's).  When I talk with the extended warrantee company, they say they were instructed by Samsung to keep replacing the board.  If you google Samsung, and this motherboard problem associated with this dishwasher, the internet is loaded with complaints on this same issue.  I asked what exactly deems  a dishwasher a lemon?  All they could say is that, it's multiple issues over the second year of ownership. What???  Samsung knows there is an issue with this dishwasher, yet no customer service to correct or credit me towards a reliable product.  Replacing one faulty motherboard, with another known faulty motherboard is not customer service.  I am extremely disappointed in the direction of the quality that the Samsung product is going.  This comes from a homeowner who has multiple Samsung products in their home.  TV's, Blue Ray, Fridge, Washer and Dryer.  I will have to go another direction next time I'm in the market for electronics, or a major appliance.  Mean while, the powers that be at Samsung think it's ok for consumers to buy their expensive products, run out to the circuit box, trip the circuit several times, hope that they can power up their dishwasher, and cross their fingers that they don't have to wash their dishes... yet again by hand. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:30:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	mother board defect, unreliable complaint	true
2391650	The door handle is not really a handle, but just curved area where you pull to open door. It is the plastic part across the top front where the buttons are located. The major flaw is that over time, four years for us, it cracks in both directions. You likely won't see the cracks until they get long because they are under the bottom edge, in both directions from handle area. Costs $130 for the cheap plastic part, called facia panel. I guess Bosch engineering is not very good. I will no longer buy anything from Bosch. It's Bosch's loss because we are shopping for new stove and refrigerator too. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:31:01	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
82743249	Wow, the day after I wrote this very positive review on this dishwasher it leaked all over the kitchen. I have only had it three weeks, I got up to run a load and went outside. When I walked back in there was water all over the floor. I had followed all the directions, I don't know what happened. Anyway, Haier was pretty cool about it, I'm sending in the cord and the sticker on the back along with a $15 check(BOOO!) and they are sending me a new one. My squaretrade warranty didn't cover it because it broke within 60 days of ownership. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:31:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
40821016	I have had this dishwasher for 13 years. It has always worked perfectly until this year when the pump stopped working.I have been very satisfied with this item, my only complaint is the noise level which is quite high, but flawless performance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:31:01	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
27041095	Our 4 year old LG dishwasher started making a high pitched noise that is driving us crazy. We called an appliance repair and the nice gentleman told us it needed a new motor, but that it should still be under warranty. Just call LG, and they will send someone out to fix it under warranty. Great! We called and they said it would be $89 for someone to come out (fine, I can understand that) and check it out. Then if it could be fixed without parts it would be an additional $150. If it needed parts (I assume it needs parts if the MOTOR is SHOT) it would be $250 labor. WHAT?? What kind of warranty is that? That's more than half what the dishwasher costs new!! NOT impressed with LG. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:31:01	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
63880767	Thirteen years ago, our new house came with a decent but no-frills dishwasher - AKA - Builder quality. It worked for all those years but eventually, when we decided to go with all stainless steel appliances in the kitchen, we searched hard for a top quality replacement. Using several sources and with the assistance of an outstanding sales rep at our local Sears (Bob in Rockaway, NJ) we settled on this Bosch unit. While it is not the top Bosch model, it has many more features than our original and all we really need.The two we are loving after a few months of hard use are the stainless steel tub and the whisper quiet operation. Seeing the gleaming stainless tub after a wash tells me that the dishes are really clean and sanitized. Also very important - Our old unit was so loud that you had to go into another room to use the phone. How quiet is the Bosch? So quiet that they have to provide a small red light projected on the floor (our cat loves it) to remind you that it's doing its thing. How cool is that?As has been mentioned by another reviewer, the detergent used makes a significant difference. Bosch provided a sample of their recommended detergent (Finish tablets) and we have to agree - using our regular Cascade powder, there was a residue on the dishes. I suspect that I am using too much and will experiment to find the sweet spot because we have a near full box in the pantry.This unit does a good job on pots and pans too. My wife doesn't mind scrubbing the pots but I hate that job and sneak them in whenever I can to get them done and put away. So far, every pot, pan, strainer, etc., has come out clean and caked-on-food free. Shhh! don't tell my wife.Summary - dishes come out clean every time - 2 stars. Pots and pans come out spotless - 1 star. As quiet as a churchyard at midnight - 2 stars. Total 5 stars...For overall quality, value and performance, you will have to go a long way (and a pay a higher price) to beat this Bosch unit.Highly recommended. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:31:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
27005931	I've had this dishwasher for about a month now.  Still trying to work out the configuration of how to best pack the dishes.  No complaints so far.  This is a good buy for a small apartment. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:31:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26719243	This dishwasher does NOT clean your dishes. If you have any food particles left on dishes  or utensils, most will be remaining after the wash and rinse. Those food particles will still be be caked upon your cups and glasses, mostly on the inside and outside.In order to clean dishes, you must first remove food particles, essentially washing your dishes by hand first. Then you must  use the  power scrub cycle . This cycle is primarily supposed to be used for pots and pans only.The machine  is quiet..but at what cost? Our 20 year old Maytag was noisy, but in hindsight we wish we still had it. That machine cleaned each item superbly, even with dried food particle. The noise was actually not an issue if we started the machine before bedrooms were down the hall.We know od 10 people who have bought Bosch's. They all say the same thing. Do not purchase any Bosch dishwasher if you want clean dishes.I will be purchasing a new dishwasher in the near future. I do not want to prewash dishes before placing them in the machine. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:31:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86998158	Works perfectly. It has an internal heating system so you don't have to worry about the temperature of the water form the faucet.The normal cycle takes 2! hours but dishes come out super clean. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:31:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38581416	I would give this negative stars if possible.  We bought the Model KUDT03FTSS3.  The most miserable appliance we have ever owned.  It is incredibly difficult to load, nothing fits properly, most items fall into each other or just fall over.  The mechanism for raising/lowering the top rack (which we never use) takes up a lot of room so you can't load anything in that area.  This dishwasher does a horrible job of cleaning dishes, and if you don't have it loaded up with rinsing agent, it cleans even worse.  This model has a utensil tray on the very top -- that had to come out within a couple of days as it really restricts what can be loaded below it.  I'm afraid we relied much too heavily on the perceived quality of the KitchenAid name when we bought this dishwasher.  It's really, really an awful dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:31:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86398893	Do not buy.  I bought one and about 6 mo after purchasing it, the buttons stopped working.  It also never fully drains the water out so now you have old stale water sitting in the bottom for the next wash.  Avoid Maytag.  I should have read the comments on google before buying. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:31:44	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
50447743	I bought this to replace a Kenmore dishwasher that cleaned very well but required the replacement of the control panel within 3 years, and then again 2 years later. I purchased Bosch because my research indicated that it was the most reliable brand. I should have also looked at how well it cleans. It is absolutely terrible at cleaning the dishes and I need to hand-wash many dishes after every load, even with pre-rinsing. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:35:58	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
39379803	We've had our Bosch dishwasher for about 5 weeks.  I need to say at the outset that I am not a person who rinses things before putting them into the dishwasher.  I scrape off any major food stuff, no water rinse, and into the dishwasher it goes. It sits there until we have enough dishes to run a load (typically around 24 hours). So I got nervous the first time around (with about 10 dirty plates and cups) and did the rinse cycle, which lasts about 9 minutes and uses 1.1 gallon of water.  There was no need to do that.  I have run the Bosch on the Auto, Eco, Normal, and Express cycle.  We are impressed with them all, and most impressed with Express - 30 minute run time, 2.8 gallons of water.  Things came out sparking clean. On the Express cycle.  30 minutes! Thank you, Bosch.I am not upset if the indented bottom of an upside down coffee mug has 1/4 tsp. of water remaining after the cycle.  I don't like using electric heat to get the bottoms of my coffee mugs bone dry.  All the items without small depressions are completely dry after any of the above cycles.  I also have no need for a Sanitize cycle, although it was a stock setting with this model. I never had a way to sanitize my dishes when I hand washed them, before we bought this automated dishwasher, so I don't see a need to start doing that now.This dishwasher also does a fine job with the regular box of powdered dish soap, not the annoying pelletized pods that we are all expected to buy now.  Does any one notice how the price of these prized pellets compares to that of the bulk powder per load? We sheep are being led down the path once again. In the name of #34;convenience#34; we are supposed to spend more and add more plastic packaging to the environment - no thanks.We love the upper third rack silverware tray. The traditional silverware basket from the bottom shelf now has a prized place in our garage. Loading has not been a problem.  The plate slots are close together, but they work!  Dishes placed closely together in those slots come out clean!People mention the quiet quotient a lot.  It was not a top of the list concern for us.  Our main concern was that the dishwasher cleaned dishes and did not leak. But it is very quiet.  We purposely looked for a model with controls and display on the front of the door, so that we could see elapsed time.  We love that.I have pulled the filter out twice to see if it needed cleaning (see 1st paragraph about unrinsed dishware).  It was amazingly free of chunky debris, only needed a mild swish with a brush, and probably could have gone a couple of months before its first cleaning.Read the manual, it really helps.  Best tip is: get the tap water running hot before you start the dishwasher!  Second best: do not get water all over the control panel buttons! (Maybe some overzealous cleaning going on...) 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:35:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85759345	We remodeled our kitchen two years ago and ended up purchasing all Electrolux appliances (dishwasher, cooktop, double oven, refrigerator, microwave).  This dishwasher is an absolute piece of junk.  Repaired five times (broken again) in two years, and does a terrible job of cleaning when it is working properly.  Leaves a film on everything (even with a rinse agent) and does a very poor cleaning job.  Had a broken pump, faulty electronics module, now a dryer damper needs to be replaced.  Will probably end up replacing it soon with another brand (after only two years!).  Also hate the refrigerator for a variety of reasons, including the ice maker reliability issue.  Other appliances aren't bad, but our last Electrolux purchases. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:35:58	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49813325	This is a cute dishwasher, not bad for a single person.  So far I have had no problems with this item.  I would definitly recommend it for anyone who has very small loads of dishes. You still have to wash any large or very dirty items but for the little stuff works great!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:35:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77501237	I've had this dishwasher since Nov. of 2007. I think after 5 years of usage my review is pretty accurate.Pro:It will clean the dishes on the heavy duty cyle well.Cons:1. Very loud. I can't hear the tv in the living room or have a conversation with someone in the kitchen when the dishwasher is running.2. I have to frequently add extra water in the begining of the cylce because some times the disherwasher won't add any and will run dry. Without water in the tub how are the dishes supposed to come clean?3. There is only one cycle if you want your dishes clean...heavy duty.4. It hasn't broken yet....yes I've tried to curse this dishwasher so I can buy a new one. Sigh...still working. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:35:58	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
42987246	Cons:-Loud-Plastic parts seem a little flimsy-Can't handle a full load-The wine glass holders on the top shelf are too short...so you can't even put a wine glass under them-Tall (regular, just not short) glasses can only go on the outsides, too tall to fit in the middle of the rackPros:-Great size for 2 people/condo-Most inexpensive one for the size-Good amount of cleaning options (hot, super hot, pans, etc)You basically get what you paid for.  It's not super quiet, but it gets the job done.  I would not actually put 8 place settings in this puppy.  I would give enough room between each plate if you really want them clean.  Also wouldn't suggest waiting to fill it up til it's full, generally because I don't think it can do a good job if the food was stuck/dried on the plate.  So either rinse well after use, and just use this to sanitize...or run it daily. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:37:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84067807	I moved from the UK and when I moved into my new place there was no draining board to put the dishes on and no undercounter space to put in a full size dishwasher.This dishwasher is really good at cleaning but you have to make sure you put in the items correctly to get the best from it, particularly if you make your own dishwashing detergent like I do.I was surprised by the space inside, I've even got my large skillet in there with a bunch of other stuff which was pretty impressive.It is very sturdy on the counter top and a bit heavy so take care when lifting.It was easy to hook up to the tap (faucet); we had to detach the aeration piece on our mixer tap and that was it!Excellent price, arrived well packed and on time.Definately recommend this product for renters; just don't forget where you put that bit from the faucet to reinstall it when you move! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:37:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67123637	It took Bosch technician 4 visits with changing functioning parts, and took me months communicating with Bosch in Germany and in USA to solve a trivial problem,that I could  have  easily fixed by getting the simple plastic part.  While the engineers knew of the issue, they never brought it up to the technician.The issue was that in time the plastic piece that separated the machine from the pump became loose, and stopped holding in its place when water pumped out of the machine;  this, in turn, caused error E25 and water to stagnate in the machine.May be the company is successful but none of its parts know what the other one does.  The Engineers know the issues with the machines but don't tell the call center, the management, or the technician.  Even among engineers they don't talk.  Bosch technician called 3 times the engineers to see if they were aware of the problem, but not until the third call that he got the engineer who knew of the issue, that by the way was very common.  It was only then that he was provided with the part, which is no more than 2*2. But of course, the technician had to order it.Now, if you are properly run company, and you know of recurring problem with your machine and know how to solve it, you'll make sure the technician has to parts with him, especially when the parts are so small that they barely take space.  Apparently, companies prefer to waste money and then blame their inefficiency on labor cost. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:37:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47756003	Developed a leak within a few months of purchase.  Repair was under warranty but would have cost over $400.Only 18 months in, the connecting parts that keep the upper rack from falling off are broken, due to a faulty design for the splines that attach the rack to its wheels.  An easy repair, and Kenmore Elite boasts a 2-year parts warranty, BUT you ONLY get that warranty honored if you pay their technician to do the repair. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:37:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
83337117	Hi,I read the reviews before I bought this appliance, so it's fair to share mine.I bought this dishwasher thru walmart online store, having it shipped to an actual store and pick it up myself.First I was scared because the giant box barely fits in my sedan car door (only the front passenger one, and I have a Corolla 2001). Once figured the way to carry it and arrived home, I spent some time to figure how to connect to the faucet. Finally I realized that it needed to just unscrew the old lid and substitute with the one inside the box.I followed the instructions carefully, and checked for leakes before try it, then I tried a load empty, figuring that the water needs to be open just a bit, not too much.This machine works just perfect, considering the expense.Again, the box is really hard to carry without help, and the dishwasher needs a lot of space (wich means sacrifice when you lack space in a little kitchen).But this effort is paid off. Of course everything needs to be rinsed first (as you would do with any other dishwasher), and is better if the dishes are wiped out (you wanna leave the door open for a couple of minutes because the dishes are really hot when just done). But I had my glass plates shining like I haven't see for a while.BTW, I never go out of the kitchen while the machine is working, I just don't feel confident.But maybe it's just me being a bit paranoid with everything involving runnig water.All around I thing the $169 (plus 20 miles driving to the store for pick up each way) is a very cheap price, considering that this appliance really works far beyond my expectations.I recommend it if you think you need it. If you don't need a dishwasher you maight be disappointed for the space taken out. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:37:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26921307	We replaced a perfectly good dishwasher to get an excellent one and got a dud.  It does not clean glassware well.  I have stopped putting glasses into the wash and am handwashing all of it.  No amount of jet-dry will make the spots go away.  It does not dry the dishes with heat so spots are inevitable.  The highly touted silverware drawer, the third drawer, is so fussy to load we hate to use it.  The arrangement of the 2nd and 3rd drawers is fine if you are going to wash only flat dishes and saucers, glasses and cups of the proper sizes, etc.  There is no racking arrangement for bowls, pots and pans.  Bowls and similarly shaped items have to be placed face down or they won't get clean.  This takes up a lot of room.  If you have a tall glass and don't put it toward the center of the rack, it will come out just as dirty as it went in.  I have experimented with putting a clean, hand washed, glass in and it is cloudy when it comes out.  It takes 2 1/2 hours to run a dishwashing cycle. We will eventually just dump it and buy a whirlpool or something like that so we can get rid of the hassle.  This dishwasher is not even a one star...it should be in minus numbers.  But it is quiet...I'll say that. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:41:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design complaint, cleanliness complaint, time complaint	true
52341162	The ladies wash all dishes, and they love it.  It's high, so no bending over.  It would be good placed on a cart for a single person. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:41:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
76807966	I received this dishwasher about six weeks ago...and I love it. The dishes are cleaned perfectly and it is quiet. I used Finish tablets and additive for sparkling glasses, and the glasses do sparkle...I have hard water and have always had spots previously.You can  set the Finish rinse container to take into account the hardness of your water...mine is set at the factory level but I could change it. I spent twice  the amount buying a dishwasher several years ago (not Whirlpool) and it never cleaned as promised and  broke one month out of warranty. This dishwasher  cleans well  and is affordable. I am very pleased to recommend it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:41:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
54349231	I have four kids and this washer fits our needs perfectly.  I use it to wash the dishes, cups,bowls, and utensils for the day. That just leaves the pots and pans to be hand washed. It fits into our small kitchen perfectly and I like that it gives me a bit of extra counter space.It's easy to use.I didn't give it five stars because the manual is terrible. You have to figure a lot of it out on your own.YouTube has been a big help with the how to videos on there. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:41:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear instructions complaint	true
86057246	I didn't buy this dishwasher thru Amazon but I do have it and it's absolutely amazing.  It cleans good, has a roomy interior and most of all...you can barely hear it running.  No kidding!  I can be in the kitchen and watch tv at the bar and you can't even hear it running.  Definitely worth the money!  Super super quiet! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:41:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
29806066	One star is being generous. 2 years old. Purchased based of features and look. Well its a big waste of money. Sure 2 year parts, but not covered unless you have a tech do it for you. Mine leaks and bad. Wrecked 500 worth of flooring. I fixed a poorly engineered tub bottom gasket and all was better... for a while. Now the door gasket has rotted to the point every time it's run, gotta have a pan under the door. Never dried dishes... There is NO DRYING heater in this unit or any similar LG unit. I will replace door gasket myself rather then pay a tech to install a $40 dollar gasket under warranty. Saving money for a GE or a Bosch. THEN I will fix my floor. You would think for a $1300 dollar unit it would be built better. LMAO what a joke. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:41:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
65356710	This dishwasher does what it is supposed to do - washes my dishes.  It was in the lower price range so I am not sure what people are spending so much $$ for with the higher priced washers. It is quiet too although my old one made a horrible racket in the end so I may not be a good judge on this aspect.  I liked buying it from a small family company as well. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:41:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40774209	This countertop dishwasher is nice for a small family. With a larger family I found myself using it too many times a day. I also found the cycles to be quite long. Nice for a smaller space. I was trying not to buy a full size but this washer wont meet your needs if you a family of three or more. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:41:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
45784522	I hate this dishwasher. I bought it at Sears and I've had them come out to repair it 3 times now. It does not dry dishes and it has trouble starting. I hit the start button and it does nothing, I push the door in a little further and it will eventually start. I HATE IT!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:41:25	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
60853143	Bought a flagship Miele dishwasher 3 years ago and it just stopped working.  Paid top dollar for what I believed was a top of the line product.....nope.  Paid for Concierge repairs service and it has been a joke. After well over a month I'm still doing dishes by hand. Repairman asked if I wanted to fix the electrical cord myself.  Miele called to cancel the last repair appointment when they are supposed to arrive. I will never buy another Miele dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:41:25	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41362009	Let me count the ways. I mistakenly ordered the model without the cutlery tray. I got on the phone and less than 24 hours later every piece necessary to (easily) install the tray was delivered to my doorstep.I LOVE the tray. I LOVE the quiet machine. I love how it doesn't have a handle to bump my leg. I love how the water sprays around inside and how clean and spot free my dishes are. I love the many ways we can load all of our odd size dishes, pots and pans.This is without a doubt the very best dishwasher we have ever owned. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:45:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47793470	This product made my kitchen smell like DIRTY underwear. I have never been so disgusted in all of my 30 years of using Bosch Home Appliances! &gt;:[ 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:45:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
26697792	I went back and forth for a long time on whether or not to purchase this dishwasher.  I am so glad that I did.  Overall it does a great job; dishes come out as clean as any regular sized dishwasher I have ever used.  My living situation currently made washing dishes very inconvenient as I had a small single basin sink.  Also because of limited counter space I bought the Seville cart that is recommended on Amazon to go with this dishwasher.  It is a perfect fit.  Not having to deal with washing dishes has made me more likely to cook at home and spend less on eating out.  A great purchase! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:45:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29679791	I purchased this in Feb 2011 and decided to wait until I had it for a while before writing a review. I researched several different portable dishwashers before getting this one. It works great! It's a louder than a regular dishwasher when it's on the counter because it has nothing surrounding it to baffle the sound. But any noise is worth the quality of the product. I have recomended this to several friends who have seen mine and most have purchased one. I'm very happy with this product. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:45:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87815342	When our trusty KitchenAid dishwasher died, we decided to upgrade and got this one.  Bad decision.  We made it, unfortunately, based on the brand-name.  First, it doesn't hold as many items, not because of the layout of the racks, but because if you utilize all the slots and tines, you will have a dishwasher full of dirty dishes.  You have to skip slots between items and spread everything out in order to have a chance of clean dishes.  Of course, that means 1) higher cost for water, detergent; 2) having to run the dishwasher more often; and 3) water waste.) Two, the powder detergent always gets stuck in the compartment so that dishes don't get clean, i.e., re-run again and spend more money on pellet/pouch dishwasher detergents, waste more water and energy.  Three, we have to regularly run the cycle on high heat or else no chance at clean dishes, which means longer cycles, more water, more energy waste, etc.  Four, the three times (after the warranty period, of course) we tried to run it on heavy, error message is followed by an accumulation of water on the drip tray underneath the unit which can only be reset after pulling the entire unit out of the cabinet, flipping it on its back, unscrewing the pan, emptying the pan, and drying the sensor.  Don't buy this.  I shoulda, coulda, woulda gotten the KitchenAid that I was also looking at. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:45:36	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27700952	This washer cleans amazingly well and is super quiet.  I love the upper tray, but do wish you could put smaller bowls in the top rack.  Still, the fold down shelves on the top tray are handy to keep light/short items from flying about (because the jets are strong!).  My only real complaint is that the door sometimes won't close and you have to notice this and it usually seems to be because the top tray isn't pushed in all the way.  It's not obvious, so it's annoying.  Otherwise this washer runs and performs like a dream.  The only time it leaves food on the plates is if they've been sitting in the washer for days with food on them before we run it.  I'm confident I can put dirty (food covered) dishes in it and run it immediately and they'll be sparkling clean. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:47:38	No Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	No	top rack defect	true
86461798	I read alot of the reviews and wonder myself cause my first one broke. I then found out that using the hot water was ruining the dishwasher. So I decided to use cold water with just a little hot and the dishwasher works fine and has lasted me nearly 2 years. So I hope this review help, cause when I take my dishes out they are hot. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:47:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
19520011	Love this machine! LOVE IT. I have been 5 years without a dishwasher and this little thing is perfect for me and my husband.There are issues. If you don't have a well you'll have no clue why there's a salt reservoir, and with the crappy manual you'll have to read the reviews that tell you that the white topped, clear middle, screw off cap on the left is where you put salt into the bottom pan. Then you'll have to learn that the salt you need is only sold in 40 lb bags (minimum) at Home Depot which isn't a big deal if you are like me and have a well and buy that stuff all the time. For those who are curious look at the user uploaded pictures, I've got a bag of pellet salt that you'll need and my brine tank that needs to be cleaned. X(EDIT: As of today I have filled the brine tank of the dishwasher to the top and the salt light is off!As for cleaning, it works, it has a stainless steel interior which will keep it from stinking after a few years of hard labor. Bad side: it takes 3 hours to clean however you can pause the wash and throw something in and let it go again. To pause, just press the start button on the right, the wash will stop and you can open the door. To start again just press the start button, there will be a 5-7 sec lag, don't be worried. :)Of note: the top washer arm isn't meant for hard cleaning so don't put a nasty pot up there or it'll need another go, or you could bite the bullet and clean it yourself you pampered snooty pants.If you're single or it's just you and your partner this is the right machine for you. It can handle a small party for dishes or a good large meal of pots. But if you have 5 kids and a lazy husband who can't rinse out a cup you're going to need a built in washer.Edit: Another issue. There is a shallow dip in the soap dispenser cap for pre-cleaning. I have found that the globules of soap land on my dishes and don't wash off well. It leave a white residue after the wash is over. It's easy to remove since it's only soap but now I put pre-wash soap on the lower part of the door. I'm not sure if that decreases the effectiveness of the pre-wash but it solved the white stain problem.Edit: I was having an issue with a screeching noise at the beginning of the wash cycle. I thought it was an internal component, a belt or some such. I found later that my lower washer arm is a little loose. Once I detached and re-attached the lower washer arm the noise ceased. It still cleans wonderfully and I have yet to clean the washer arms, but I am very careful to never put dishes in the washer that have large chunks of debris on them. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:47:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	unclear instructions complaint, time complaint, soap dispenser defect, spray arm defect	true
23604407	Works great for my wife and I.  We have not had any issues yet and we have used it almost daily or every other day for the last month or two.  However, our only issue is that it takes around three hours to do a medium load.  Which is about twice as long as the book says it takes. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:47:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
44079198	I purchased this and have had it installed for about a week now, we purchased it to wash our baby bottles and all of the pieces that go in to them and a few glasses and dishes every night. I was so sick of washing the bottles by hand I decided to purchase this after I found out that such a thing as a countertop dishwasher existed.There are three of us now so we don't make a ton of dishes.  This wouldn't be suitable for someone with a large family, or even a family with twins unless you want to dedicate it to bottle washing only, or you don't mind doing multiple loads of dishes.You have to be careful when setting up the dishwasher.  The drain hose and intake hose are connected and fit on to a special adapter that hooks up to your sink faucet so you can attach and detatch it easily.  The two hoses then connect to the dishwasher, this is the tricky part, the two connections on the dishwasher are made out of plastic, and while the connections are solid and don't leak, I can see the possibility of these connectors being cracked by accident very easily.  I was extremely careful when connecting the hoses to the dishwasher because of this, don't over tighten the hose connection - and - make sure to test the connection by doing a dry run to test for leaks before putting this in to full use.  I also put in a gfi outlet in case of any leaks.As for the performance of the dishwasher, it exceeds all of my expectations. Everything comes out clean and dry, it doesn't mention anything in the literature about a drying cycle but it does dry the dishes on a normal cycle. I'll keep an eye on it, but for now it's been a great purchase and I'm hoping it'll last for a long time.The only con about the dishwasher so far would be the amount of time it takes to finish, it takes 77 minutes on normal setting, although it does have other settings like a rinse setting which is faster (but basically useless)It also has a screen filtration system in it which needs to be emptied from time to time. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:47:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
46408827	We purchased our Samsung DMT300RFS after reading good reviews.  Our Samsung leaves film and food particles on our dishes.  We have tried difference detergents, rinse agents, plate and glass arrangements with no success.  Our salesman told us the dishwasher actually washed better when dirty and focused on the power of a built-in garbage disposer.  The wash cycle is long, even on the quick cycle.  If you want to use the Pots and Pans setting, plan of having the dishwasher run for 3-5 hours.  Our dishes never come out dry.  If you bump into the machine you will accidentally turn it on.  I HATE this dishwasher.  We had our Samsung inspected by a factory service technician.  He said the dishwasher would perform better if we used a powdered detergent, rinse agent, to run the sink water until hot and then turn on the dishwasher, to clean monthly with vinegar and defiantly, with this model rinse dishes.  We did all of the above and still have dirty, filmy dishes.  We have always been happy with our Kenmore dishwasher, regret giving Samsung a chance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:48:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
64820762	I don't have to do the dishes anymore, hell yeah!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:48:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76339902	Our Samsung dishwasher is 2 1/2 years old.  First, there was a problem with the upper rack, which needed to be replaced.  Now, the door flops open.  It was repaired last October under warranty.  A little over 3 months later the same problem surfaced.  This is because the cord that helps the door open and close must have broken again.  The problem was not fixed properly the first time and now Samsung wants me to pay for the repair.  These cords are designed to last the life of the dishwasher, but Samsung will not stand behind their repair work for even 3 1/2 months.A final comment is that it does not clean dishes very well.  It is quiet though.Samsung makes good refrigerators, but here are much better dishwashers on the market.  Do not buy this DOG! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:48:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
79646334	Solid steel tub construction. Stainless steel outside.  rolls around easy.  Solid counter top.  Buy this one, you will not be disappointedOnly complaint is that my dishes really piled up before it arrived, but that reflects on me. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:48:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52399719	It has malfunctioned almost since we bought it six months ago. It doesn't clean dishes AT. ALL., and never has. EVERY cycle leaves at least half the dishes still dirty. The racks have hung at an odd angle since about the third time we used it. They are plastic, and have virtually no support for them. Just poor, poor engineering all the way around. We're about to start the process of making a claim on the warranty, and if their CS is anything like their products, it's going to get ugly.Skip this model, it's a waste of money even if it's free. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:48:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33747371	Our 76 year old craftsman house has uniquely period cabinets, molding, etc.  In our kitchen, we had only one spot where the width between vertical partitions was over 17 1/2.  This model's width, although listed as 18, is actually 17 5/8.  After removing the trim and a drawer, this model barely fit.  Thank goodness it did, because I would never have been able to put Jack together again after starting the cuts.Besides the fit, this model works far better than any dishwasher we had in our prior homes.  My wife couldn't be happier.  The 10 hours it took to retrofit our cabinetry, install new electrical and plumbing were well worth the effort.Best to use Finish tablets and a good rinse aid.  Results are outstanding, if you follow loading directions. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:49:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86698258	All I wanted was a dishwasher that would wash, rinse and dry a normal cycle. My other dishwashers  have always had so many choices that I never, ever used. Just something more to go wrong. This dishwasher is very basic and does an excellent job of washing the dishes. I agree with the review stating the silverware compartment is very small, but I took their advice and saved my compartment from my last dishwasher and it fit beautifully and now I have lots of room for silverware. I'm very happy with my purchase. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:49:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44349433	This dishwasher was purchased in January 2011. The control panel (dim lights that wouldn't turn off) was replaced in Jan 2013, for the #34;small#34; cost of a diagnostic visit plus labor ($225). Eleven months later and it's doing the same thing. It's also now shutting off before the end of a cycle. Kitchenaid refuses to do anything until I pay the $125 diagnostic fee AGAIN and then if it's the exact same part, they will replace it, but I will have to pay the labor charge as well. Yes, that almost $500 in repair costs for a $600 3-year-old dishwasher. We've opted to not do anything, wait til it dies completely and just buy a dishwasher from another company. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:49:45	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
74693861	We have had this dishwasher for just over 2 years and it has been nothing but problems. It prides itself on being quiet, but quickly started humming. I called the service techs out to fix it while it was under warranty and they only told us to use gel paks instead of liquid soap. They took some things apart, put them back and that was it. Had them come out a few times for this, but they wouldn't replace the unit. Also, the glasses on the top rack end up being encrusted with food that must be washed up from the bottom rack. This past year we have been getting the Over-Level water error, but were able to work around it, until today. So after spending over $500 2 years ago, our dishwasher is useless. Having a repair person will cost as much as a new dishwasher. Save yourself the hassle. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:49:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25585760	We purchased this dishwasher about 6 months ago, in spite of the rather mixed reviews that it has gotten.  It has come in very handy for us.  It is perfect for a small apartment!  It seems that some reviewers were expecting a miracle machine, but it really comes down to you get what you pay for.  If you want a top quality appliance that will last forever, then you should probably invest in something different.  For a young couple looking for a temporary solution, we couldn't be happier!  Not sure why people were having such difficulty with setup, etc... it went together in a snap.As for the flooding problems, I think that it is important to note that there is a removable drain filter that needs to be cleaned off periodically.  This prevents food from clogging up the drainage system.  The filter lifts right out of the bottom of the machine.  We usually take it out and rinse it under hot water after each use.  You should also be around to shut off the water faucet relatively quickly after each use, otherwise water just continues to flow through the hose and a build-up of pressure could cause the seals to burst and, again, flood your kitchen.  Simple maintenance like this should prevent many of the problems that other users are reporting.  I can't stress enough that this is not like an installed dishwasher and therefore, is not operated as such.  If you expect a dishwasher that you can just load and leave, then you should expect to pay for such a machine.As another user noted, the heated dry cycle is completely useless.  It takes extra time and just streaks up your dishes.  Turning it off took a little bit of guess work, but we eventually figured out that you just have to press the button for whichever cycle you want to run (regular or heavy) twice when starting the machine.  We just crack open the door of the washer when the cycle is complete and the dishes dry in minutes once the heat escapes.One more word of advice:  always make sure that you have hot water available when you are washing anything glass.  We found this one out the hard way.  Although the washer has a heating element for the wash cycle, it rinses using whatever water is coming through the faucet.  Your dishes will get very hot during the wash cycle then suddenly cold during the rinse, not an optimal condition for glass. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 14:49:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40096225	I knew it would change my life to have a dishwasher again. I just had to decide which counter top model. I would recommend this to anyone. I live alone. I don't cook but I use a lot of dishes - when I pick up food, often times I put it on a plate. I also make hot cereal for breakfast, make bread, and do some baking. I use bowls all the time because I love cold cereal too. Okay, with that said, I used to have all these dishes sitting in one sink with soapy water, then I'd fill up the other sink with soapy water. All week long I#8217;d just change the water until the weekend. In other words, I had dishes all over the place. Cutting boards were dirty, etc. I thought I could keep up with dishes by hand#8230;I was wrong. I hated every minute of washing all that stuff, not to mention that I know I wasn't doing that great a job of it. I bought this about two months ago and it really has changed my way of life. My sinks are clean. I put my dishes in the dishwasher and every couple of days I run it. I'm very bad about doing a bunch of prep work so I make sure the food is off, I rinse (no, I don't do anything but run water over it), and then I put in the dishwasher. Before running a load, I always run the rinse cycle to rewet the dishes and get them ready to get a good washing. I was concerned about the plate height and all that. I haven't had any issue at all and mine are regular sized plates. I do find that my glasses clean much better in the regular racks and not in the area they were probably intended for on the left side. I have all Tervis glasses so that may be a reason, I don't know. At the same time I bought this, I bought a new sewing machine. I thought that would change my life - nah, it's just better than my other one. It's the dishwasher that has helped my life improve :)All the best... 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:53:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62427243	I purchased this item having read the company's comments on the need for a standard faucet. The two faucets I have are cheap standard faucets from a large hardware store.  Well, sure enough, neither faucet fits.  I called Danby.  I was told there was nothing I could do but replace the faucet or return the item. I am a single women in her fifties. Returning the item is a tad difficult.  I called again, a few days later, and spoke with the exact same young man.  He remembered me and said that he had nothing new to tell me with just a slight tone to his voice.  Come to find out he did not even know the parts of the product that we were discussing.  When I asked to speak to a supervisor he said,  sure, you can talk to everyone that I talked to and they will all tell you the same thing, but you can talk to them if you want.   (the irritation and sarcasm were stunning).  I have now been on the phone for a half an hour, I wait for the supervisor. I asked her if she could give me the specs of the adaptor so that I could find a compatible adapter.  (The young man did not even know what an adaptor was.)  She took out a ruler and measured the width of the adapter. Both customer service people repeatedly told me that Danby does not make those parts  and they do not know what their competitors do.  So as of this moment, I cannot tell you how the dishwasher works, but I can tell you how the customer service doesn't work.  I have a dishwasher but no way to use it according to Danby. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:53:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
31220202	Just after the warranty was up it broke down. Sometimes it works sometimes it won't. Paid a lot of money for it to only last a year. 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:53:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
75622612	After months of research to get a dishwasher that didn't come with wretched reviews at any price, and was reasonably quiet, I decided to try this one.  Glad I did - not only was it considerably less expensive, it holds a lot of dishes with good rack configurations (I'm a master dishwasher loader, though, so someone else might not think this), and is quite quiet, especially on a full load.  On a light load, I could hear water periodically hitting the plates.  But the key issue that has me giving 5 stars is that I have two crystal vases that had serious clouding from mineral deposits and have spent a year trying everything to remove the cloudiness to no avail, so decided to put them in the dishwasher and see what would happen.  They have narrow openings and they were pretty bad so I was not optimistic, but had room for them, so in they went.  They came out looking like new crystal.  I am ecstatic!  Used Shaklee dishwasher detergent and JetDry, so don't know if that makes a difference or not.  I actually put all my crystal in it and it came out sparkling.  If only it could polish silver! 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:53:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36807476	The install was a breeze and it works great. It is amazing how quiet this dishwasher is.  The first time I turned it on, I was not sure it was working; it was that quiet.  The extra 3rd rack (top rack) is great for the big spoons and knives.  This machine can handle almost all my dishes and utensils.  For those who have company over and struggle to get all the dishes into one load after the party...this dishwasher is the one you want (if you can afford it). 	agilay	10-26-2015 14:53:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
6596583	Quiet possibly the best purchase I have made for my apartment!After reading all the reviews I could find, some being negative, but most being positive, I decided to make the purchase. I'd have to agree with the positive reviewers after two months of using this machine.The machine seems pretty solidly built. The quick release hose connection is simple to install and easy to use and tuck away when not in use.Some reviews have mentioned that you cannot use your sink while the dishwasher is in use. You can turn off the machine in mid cycle and use the sink for whatever you need and then put the hose back on and turn the machine back on. Simple!The manual is pretty short and somewhat hard to figure things out. Here is some useful information I have learned so far.1. The machine has a pre-rinse cycle and 2 wash cycles. You only need to use the pre-rinse cycle for heavily soiled dishes, or if you have dirty dishes inside that you don't intend to wash for more than a day (I don't use this cycle). You should run the pre-rinse cycle if the soiled dishes will sit in the dishwasher for more than a day.  There are two places to add detergent, an indent in the door for the first cycle, and a closed compartment for the second wash cycle. If you are only going to wash glasses on a short cycle then just put detergent in the closed comparment. If you use both wash cycles then you should put a teaspoon of detergent in both places.2. There is no true drying cycle - as others have stated in thier reviews, crack the door open to let the steam out after the cycles have completed and the dishes will dry faster. Also Jet Dry helps to dry dishes faster and leave them spotless.3. Before connecting the quick release hose, run your tap water to get it hot. Use the sani-wash feature to get the water extra hot and to help dry the dishes faster.4. As with ANY dishwasher, don't think that you can just put filthy dishes with food remnants in there and expect it to get clean, take a second or two and wipe the food off the dishes or give them a quick rinse... you'll have cleaner dishes and you will extend the life of your dishwasher.5. Clean the metal filter regularly, just take it out and wipe it off. Again, you'll have cleaner dishes and you will extend the life of the washer.6. Use the recommended amount of detergent 1 tsp per wash cycle.You don't need any more than that, too much detergent can shorten the life of the pump.That's about all I can think of for now, I love this dishwasher it is well worth the money and probably saves me money in the long run doing dishes manually. This machine only uses about a gallon and a half of water, which is far much less than the amount I would use doing dishes manually. Also I have not noticed much of a change in my electric bill.My lease states that I am not allowed to have a dishwasher (don't tell my landlord). However if the landlord ever needs to get in my apartment, I can easily store this in my closet.. although he may think it is a microwave anyway.If this machine dies I will buy another.... This saves me 20 minutes a day of my time. I love it and it gets the dishes sparkling clean! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:55:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	unclear instructions complaint	true
58227176	The dishwasher arrived via UPS as scheduled. However, after opening the box, it was quickly determined that the unit had been dropped from a rather high distance. The front bottom portion was jammed into the door, making it impossible to open more than 4 or 5 inches.To Amazon's credit, it took just a few minutes to report the problem and request a refund. UPS was notified and they returned the next day to pick it up at no cost to me. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:55:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	shipping damages, jammed component	true
43474211	I decided to wait a while before making a comment on the product, with the purpose of getting before some actual experience about its use and performance . The result after two months of almost daily usage has been great. My wife just love it, not only because the dishes are perfectly washed but also by the low operating noise of the product. So I give it the maacute;ximum quelification. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:55:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
64500289	We have owned a Maytag protable for 1 1/2 years and have had 3 service calls for the same problem.  The washer that connects to the faucet starts leaking and sprays water all over.  Now, if I could just have the washer replaced it wouldn't be so bad, but the whole hose has to be replaced. This costs $130 even with my extended warranty.  Buy anything else!Maytag Jetclean Plus Series MDC4809AWB 24 Portable Dishwasher - Black 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:55:45	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		true
90943721	Cons:I expected far better from Whirlpool and after the brackets holding the plastic wheels broke on the top shelf 4 times I have resorted to a far cheaper and more practical fix.  Instead of contacting Whirlpool to send yet another replacement bracket and telling them the machine is defective, I went to the hardware store and bought 2 brass 1/4#34; flat head bolts with washers and drilled out the plastic to just smaller than the bolt size.  Gently screwed in with the roller affixed so #34;play#34; stays consistent to the original.  My wife is again happy that we can use the top shelf of this 2 year old unit.  Shame on you Whirlpool.  Cost: $1.50If this doesn't hold up over the long term, I have the nuts that I will tighten on the end of the screw.The washer itself washes only so-so and seems to eat the #34;jetdry#34; when filled so we only add a little at a time as without this, the mashine's wash is less then good.Pros: Quiet and looks nice 	dlaw	10-26-2015 14:55:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	plastic rack wheels defect	true
53092793	I've only had it a month, but this dishwasher has saved my life. My partner does NOT do dishes but insists on using 727346823764 dishes a day. It was to the point that I was hiding dishes in the house so that they wouldn't be used and they were eating cereal out of a baking tin with a knife. Seriously. Pathetic. Now, we can live together and I don't have to worry about how many dishes are being used and who's going to do them!Practically, the manual leaves a bit to be desired. It doesn't tell you when to turn the water on and off, although it's pretty easy to figure out. [It swooshes around twice and then hums... turn the water on. It fills the tub and then it clicks and starts to spray inside... turn it off].If you put too much soap in, it will have soap bubbles in the bottom when it's done, but even then it doesn't seem like there is any residue on the dishes.It's pretty big inside... it can fit pots and pans!!Overall, it's been working really well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:01:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
36418324	I bought this from Bestbuy in 2010, for 600$.  I wish I said yes to there extended 5 year warranty for 99 dollars. What a value that would have been. First the lettering all rubbed off on control panel#60;warranty covered#62; Second the lower rack was twisted and would not go in properly. So I called Samsung and they said i was over loading rack, I stated that I am loading lower rack just like the way the manual pictures, after much arguing I said it does not roll at all with any dishes in it, #60;warranty again#62; 2 year it started making a horrible grinding sound, like an air raid siren. It was so horrible that we never ran dishwasher if we had company and set it to run at 3 in the morning  when we were all sleeping.. 150$ to fix, Then is started getting error 5e low water inside  , did some research online and fixed it myself saving 150$. Now I am getting 4e error, water supply problem , check psi and or water valve is closed under sink. Well its the flow meter not made to specs , so 50$ for the part  and my labor. So this thing has cost me almost 1000$ in 4 years, boy does Samsung know how to make money. They probably copied another manufactures dishwasher like they did with apple phones but just couldn't get it right. SO STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG OR MAKE SURE YOU GET THE LONGEST EXTENDED WARRANTY. would give it -5 star 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:01:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes	lower rack defect, water supply defect, water valve defect. control panel defect	true
62247562	I bought this dishwasher in hopes that I would get the same mileage of the one my parents own.  This was not the case.  With-in a year of ownership I had to have some extensive work completed on the electronic panel and to also fix some plastic pieces which hold the wheels on the top shelf, obviously having the wheels help the shelf slide and guide in and out and in general stabilize the shelf.  When there not functional it leads to great frustration.  The pieces are cheap and do not last very long, the plastic material used to hold the wheels is very cheap and brittle and easily broken. Today, six months later I find myself in the same position - broken plastic. So when you do buy a dishwasher consider the stability of the shelf and the material used to guide the shelf in and out.  I just don't get why any manufacture would use plastic in a high temp wet/dry(ing)environment.  The next issue that I have is that of the controls, given where there located, normally below cabinet and therefore traffic, they easily can be bumped to either turn the equipment on or off.  The postive to this dishwasher is that it's reasonably quiet and the dishes are clean. No problem there. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:01:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	electronic panel defect, plastic wheel holder defect, design and cheap parts complaint	true
61417193	We bought our unit in November 2009 and it worked fairly well for 4 months and then it developed a problem.  We notified Danby and they referred us to a Warranty repairman.  Four Months later after repeated phone calls to the repairman and Danby we finally got a new part.  The repairman took a month to install the part and found that it still would not work.  After a couple of weeks Danby decided they would refund our money.  It is 2 months later and our check is in the mail (somewhere).I would not recommend this unit to anyone.  It does save water but it takes too long to wash the dishes.  What it saves in water it spends on electricity. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:01:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		true
58951075	My dishwasher broke and even flooded our basement. We are still dealing with it 5 years later. It breaks every 3 months.  It's always the same thing...the panel needs to be replaced.  Bottom line  Kitchen Aid builds an inferior product and does little to make it right for their customers.  Buy their competitor's product.  You'll thank me later. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:01:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control panel defect, flooding complaint	true
84928710	We had a kitchenaid in-sink dishwasher that broke and no one could fix it.  I installed this unit, drilled a 1.25#34; hole in the counter behind it, and hooked in the hot water / drain lines permanently.  Works like a champ. 	agilay	10-26-2015 15:01:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82229790	Delivery:The package was delivered to my door upside down.  I don't know an enormous amount about appliance delivery protocol, but I do know dishwashers are not intended to be upside down.  Outside of that, the dishwasher was very well packaged.Set-up:When I opened the dishwasher, there was a small amount of water inside.  I don't know if my unit is a refurbished one labeled as new, or if the water is just residual from quality control testing.  I would hope it to be the latter.  The directions indicate that the dishwasher should be set on the countertop and connected to the kitchen sink via the supplied hoses, adapters, and fittings.  I don't have the available counter space; however, my laundry room is right off my kitchen, and the top of my washing machine was a perfect place to put the unit.  I placed a 2'x2' square piece of 3/4 plywood under the dishwasher to evenly distribute the weight (~50 lbs).  The supplied hoses include a water supply and a drain hose.  The water supply hose is unsuitable for hooking the unit up to the cold water spigot in the laundry room.  To rectify this, I attached a y-splitter to the cold water spigot and connected the washing machine to one side and the dishwasher to the other.  I used a standard stainless steel washing machine hose to connect the dishwasher to the splitter, and have not noticed any leaks.  I then connected the drain hose to the dishwasher, and ran the other end of the drain hose down the drainage pipe for the washer machine.I chose this set-up method to allow me to conceal the unit from the rest of the kitchen, to free up countertop space, and to allow me to leave the unit connected at all times.Running the machine:I have been very satisfied thus far with running the machine.  The dishes have come out clean with no issues.  The filters appear to collect even the smallest food particles.  The machine is no louder than many conventional dishwashers, and takes approximately 80 minutes to complete a cycle on the Normal setting.  For those wondering about the constant water pressure, I turn the water on when I am using the machine, and off when I am not, using the toggle on the y-splitter.  I also do not run the washer machine and the dishwasher simultaneously.  I have no idea what effect this would have on power and/or water supply to each machine, but figure there is no need to test the limits.Hope this helps. 	agilay	10-26-2015 15:01:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
48721455	I purchased this dishwasher from Lowes around 10/15/09. It was supposed to be delivered on the next week. I did not get the dishwasher until the second week of November.  It is now 12/9 and the labels on the panel are already dissappearing.  The power circle button is completely gone. The Delay Start button, which has never been used already reads . . .tart.  The Sanitize word is missing the S. It has never been used.  The circle for Normal is almost gone.  I am just waiting for the Power display to disappear so I can guess where to push to start a cycle.Also it does not dry the dishes at all. I added the recommended jet dry and made sure the hot water was working.  It does not dry the dishes.  I do not know if it is the fault of the dishwasher.  On the plus side it is extremely quiet.  My parents have an ultra quiet dishwasher. I do not know the brand, but it is not Samsung. It too does not dry the dishes.  It may be the trade off one gets for having an ultra quiet dishwasher.  I doubt it as I do not think the drying aspect should relate to the noise level with the actual wash cycle. 	agilay	10-26-2015 15:01:53	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55122034	Just got this for my little tiny NYC apartment and it is worth the counter space. I would've spent more than half an hour doing the dishes it took three minutes to rinse and load into the machine. I really like cooking and now I can do it even more often because I won't have to waste time with dishes! It did a great job with the (very) dirty dishes we tested it out on and we hope that it'll keep on performing. It was also a cinch to set up- it only took me about twenty minutes if you include reading the manual. The manual seems to be pretty thorough by the way. There are some awkwardly translated bits but there's a lot of troubleshooting info in there and it explains how to care for the machine pretty well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 15:01:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24855882	I wish I would have read the reviews on this dishwasher before I bought it.  On the lowest cycle (because it has a sensor) it takes almost 2 hours of washing!!!! There is NO WAY to change that fact according to the tech at Frig.  No one in the rest of the house can use water ..like shower, during that 2 hour time or it will extend the time cycle because it wants hotter hot water!  I finally did get the run time down to 50 minutes but I had to manually turn my hot water tank up to almost BOILING AND run the water at the sink until I couldn't stand my hand in it.  Seems overkill to me.  Some energy saving device.  I called Frigidaire and they just 'couldn't understand my concern'!!!  You have to RUN the hot water in the sink until it becomes hot before you start this dishwasher?  Ridiculous!$560 and I can't tell my dishwasher how dirty my own dishes are..NOPE...they have a sensor inside and it 'does it for me' but it is wrong!  I wash the dishes before I put them in there and only run it about once a week.  SO IF YOU ARE SINGLE don't even think about using this worthless piece of junk.The help at Frig told me to periodically during the week run it through a small cycle (no way to do that..rinse only maybe) so it wouldn't take so long.  Now there is a money, time saving ideal.  I am mad as heck at Sears for selling this worthless thing. 	agilay	10-26-2015 15:01:53	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17643751	This product works as intended.  I am able to load a decent amount of dishes in it.  Stops me from hand washing.  Looks strange on the counter, but if it does the job that can be overlooked. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:09:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	cosmetic complaint	true
53029565	We've owned a Bosch before and loved it.  Amazingly, this one is even more quiet than the last one we owned.  (Oh... and to keep the stainless clean - use pledge or another furniture polish - no streaks!  Looks just like new!) 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:09:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
792780	I bought this 9 months ago and every other week it sheds a little broken plastic part from the cheap side arm that holds the upper tray on. I've replaced the entire plastic tray holder (at $30 a pop) twice, and had to replace wheel assemblies also twice when the entire tray falls off and snaps the plastic prongs that latch onto the wheels. I've spent about $100 and hours of fiddling time. Replacing these parts is actually nontrivial , and the assembly is really poorly designed and counterintuitive.  Really sick of the $@#$# cheap parts on the tray. Cleans OK but not perfect - similar to other dishwashers I have owned. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:09:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cheap parts and design complaints. Rack defects and various rack assisting parts defect	true
91388412	Like it very much, would like to know where to get the water softener salt you use in it, other wise a great machine! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:09:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
75115048	Perfect size. Easy to hook up to your regular faucet. Easy to use overall. Takes about 1-2 hours to wash the dishes depending on what mode you use. Life is so much easier now. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:09:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
32732374	This is the third model of a countertop dishwasher that I have owned.  Many reviews out there simply comment on the beauty of having a dishwasher vs. not having one.  Any model is certainly better than none, but having burned through a couple models, I hope to help those who are unsure of which one to get.My previous models were both Danby models.  The first was a very simple dial-operated model that lasted four years.  For a total out-of-pocket expense of $150, I couldn't complain about a 4 year life.  The whole time it worked well (until the sprayer arm stopped), so we went with Danby's updated version of the same model for our next one.  This one never worked well, lasted half as long and cost twice as much.  We were ready for better quality and didn't want to go with Danby again.  Other reviews out there said that Sunpentown models were basically Danby's as well but rebranded, so those were out of the running too.The other reviewer here was very helpful and led us to purchase this unit.  Note that Premia is the same as Minea (Minea is just the more recent name).  Reviews noted that Minea has taken care to increase upon the quality of competitive models.  Coming with a two-year warranty (compared to one year with others) made us feel more secure in our purchase since our last one died within two years.The appliance is still very new but so far it is working far better than our previous models:- Dishes are cleaner: We can use the normal wash cycle with great results.  Other models needed the most intensive wash cycle for less effective results.- The appliance is much quieter.  We can finally run the wash and still easily watch TV in the next room.- The filtration system is more robust.  Others have a single metal screen to catch food particles.  We would often have food get beyond the screen and have to fish out stuck food within the pump area.  The Minea design has a secondary filter to catch finer food particles, and it works like a charm.- The rack design is much better.  Danby models had very wide gaps in the rack and dishes would fall through and block the sprayer arm.  Minea has a great design, nothing falls and we can hold a variety of dishes.  If you are like us, you never just wash the 4 or 6 piece setting they show in the pictures.  We have various prep and serving pieces and tools that don't fit in prescribed areas, and Minea's design accommodates this much better.- Dishes come out dry.  Despite claims to the contrary, previous models did not dry the dishes.  Now we can empty a load right away.The only reasons I did not give this a 5-star rating are as follows:- When pushing the rack back into the appliance after loading, it sometimes gets stuck on the sprayer arm.  A couple parts of the rack sit lower and if the arm is in a certain position, it gets caught.  It's easy to adjust, but everything else is designed well, I'm surprised this was overlooked.- It would be nice to know what part of the wash cycle you are in while it's running.  If you want to add something, for example, it would be nice to know if there is still wash time left.  Also, because your sink faucet is unusable while running, it would be nice to know how much time is left in a cycle.  Our very first Danby had the dial operation and you could at least see where it was in the cycle, which was nice.  This one you just have to look at the manual to see run times and keep track of when you started it to know when it will finish.In summary, I would recommend this model.  Quality has so far proven to be better than at least some of the alternatives. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:13:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	design complaint	true
77243107	Looks nice, but serviced three times.  The fifteen year old machine it replaced never needed servicing.  Spring on door broke twice--bad design (see other internet complaints). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:13:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	door spring defect, design complaint	true
23029544	My wife was so excited when we purchased this dishwasher to outfit our new kitchen. It looked cool, the idea of two separate drawers seemed great, and the with the cost we expected top-of-the-line quality. What we received were continuous problems from about 3 months after purchase. Blown fuses, leaks, inoperative controls were some of the issues, but the major problem is that it just did not clean our dishes and cups. Oh - and if you want a quiet dishwasher, this is not the appliance for you. We finally dumped this lemon after 4 years of misery and about 12 visits from repairmen (who all told us how they get loads of calls for Fisher  Paykel dishwashers). We replaced it with a Bosch SHX57C and so far it's much quieter and more efficient. Consider yourself warned. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:13:00	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	fuse defect, control defects, leaks and cleanliness complaints, noise complaints	true
71118533	This is the first small dishwasher that I have had and I am very pleased with it. We live in a park model and it is just right for our needs. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:13:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
17223480	I love that I can choose the 1 hr. wash cycle.  It has been just as efficient as the longer one if I use heat to dry. This dishwasher also holds more than my Kitchenaid did. The only complaint I would have is that I can't see where I am in the cycle. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:13:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
83280617	Do not buy this dishwasher unless you want to wash your dishes both before and after you wash your dishes.  We wash them in the sink before we put them in and 4 out of 5 times we have to hand wash the cups and glasses from the top.  And yes I use the rinse aid that is recommended.  Never had to do that with my old Sears model.  One day, I'll take a hammer to this unit so I can buy an new one. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:19:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
74495370	Bought this at a big box store.  Installed it myself.  Was immediately impressed by the quietness and disappointed in the length of cycle.  I have 6 kids and we need to run 3-4 loads a day.  A 2-hour cycle makes that difficult.Within a year the washer would start and within 3 minutes display clean - despite having done nothing.  I called Bosch expecting help like I have always received with my Bosch hot water heaters.  (With the water heaters the techs will troubleshoot over the phone and even send warranty parts directly.  With one of my units they sent me a replacement heater without charge because of the problems being experienced.)  The second the appliance phone tech found out I was a homeowner and not a service tech he hung up on me.  (I am a licensed PE with extensive electrical experience and ended up explaining electrical theory to the tech that finally came out.)  A month and three trips later their tech finally had the problem fixed.  They just changed parts until something made it better.  $300+ bill (for a $500 dishwasher).  Fortunately it was all under warranty.Now, 18-months later the symptoms have returned again.  The quality of the wash has also been degrading - leaving lots of debris in glasses, etc.  I will not fix it this time.  The part (that fixed it last time) is $200+. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:19:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes	water heater defect	true
16401851	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned.  It does not turn off after cleaning a load.And unless you have perfectly flat plates, your dishes will not fit.  I can NOT do 1 day's worth of dishes in 1 load.  It takes 3 loads of the dishwasher to clean 2 days of dishes for 2 adults and 2 children.  THREE loads for a Thanksgiving dinner for 4 people.  And after 5 months,  some of the flip levers in the dish baskets broke off.  Now, after 13 months one of the spinners fell off in the machine.Consumer reports rated this very high.  Maybe they had just tested medical marijuana???Anyway, when you make a mistake with an appliance you use every day.  It will slowly drive you crazy.  I miss my old $350 dollar dishwasher. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:19:09	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	dish basket defect, spinner defect, internal size complaint, efficiency complaint	true
40515442	The only positive thing I can say about this dishwasher is that it looks pretty. I don't know why we've even kept it for so long (almost 2 years) because it does a terrible job of cleaning the dishes and it doesn't dry them. I'm not going to waste my time calling a GE technician, I'm just going to replace it with something else. DO NOT BUY THIS DISHWASHER! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:19:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
20399686	My wife and I bought a DMR77LHS dishwasher between 2-2.5 years ago, and we are dismayed by the low quality of both the dishwasher and the service we've received from Samsung and its vendors. Here's a rundown of our experience as Samsung customers:First, the dishwasher started to stink. If we left the door closed, an eye-watering reek would build up. We looked online and found consumer reviews that said that other people had the same problem; the recommended fix was dumping in bleach during a wash cycle. Thus, I've had to bleach the machine's innards every few months since we bought it, and although the stench has abated, the unit has never smelled right.Second, the adjustment mechanism for the top rack broke. Reaching customer service to get a replacement part was a nightmare--the single fax line to Samsung was always busy, so submitting proof of warranty coverage took two weeks--and then the part took another two weeks to arrive. On top of that, when the part finally arrived, it was the wrong part. I ordered a rack adjuster, not a rack wheel. Getting the right part took well over a month.Third, the replacement part disintegrated. Yes, the same part that I'd gone through so much time and trouble to order. For some reason, the part's screws came undone and disappeared into the machine's bowels. Thus, I had to install my own stainless steel screws to replace the factory-installed screws that came out on their own.Fourth, the bottom rack (the large one, the thing that holds plates and so on) rusted through. When I tried to order a replacement part, the genius on the other end of the phone said she was looking at a picture of the part...but then she sent a cutlery basket.Fifth, the unit just stopped working mid-cycle on Friday night, and now it won't even power on. Over the time we've owned the dishwasher, it's stopped mid-cycle about five or six times and displayed error messages, but it would always start working again if we tried to restart the wash cycle. Now, though, it's not even responding at all. No lights, nothiin'. There's nothing wrong with the household electrical circuit to the dishwasher--I've tested it, and there's power aplenty--but the dishwasher is just plain dead.Sixth and finally, the dishwasher has never done a very good job of cleaning in the first place. We use Electrasol detergent tabs, which are highly rated and (if I recall correctly) recommended for use in the dishwasher, along with Jet-Dri rinse aid, but we've been consistently disappointed with the amount of crud that we've found crusted to our plates, glasses, and silverware after running a wash cycle. Our dishes have never been truly clean as long as we've used this dishwasher.All in all, my wife and I have been grievously disappointed in both the DMR77LHS dishwasher and the service we've received when dealing with Samsung and its vendors. We've already both posted scathing comments on Facebook, and when we go out later today to buy a new dishwasher, we will advise any other people we see in the store to avoid buying any Samsung product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:19:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	smell complaint, rack defect, not working complaint, cleanliness complaint	true
66974364	I received this dishwasher direct from Maytag last November after they broke my previous dishwasher during a recall.  This has been the worst piece of garbage I've ever owned.  It's nosier than my old one and does a lousy job of cleaning.  The profile of the machine is very low so one has to bend down which puts a strain on your back.  In addition, though it has capacity to hold tall pieces which is the only plus, it's not very space efficient.  The tines don't hold much. I cannot fit nearly as much in this DW as I could in my old Maytag.  Finally, their customer service is terrible.  I would never buy another Maytag product which is a shame as they were once a great company.  Since being taken over by Whirlpool, this is sadly no longer true.  I would not recommend this dishwasher (or any other maytag products for that matter).Buyer beware. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:28:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	noise, design, internal space complaints	true
82273156	My spouse and I purchased this in spite of a couple reservations due to previous reviews. We had other GE profile appliances and were happy with those.  When the appliance was received, it was damaged.  We didn't want to install since it was damaged and unsure what the fix would be.  When I called GE I was told it would have to be installed before they would send someone out so called the third party AJ Madison instead.  They set up for a GE repairman to come out.  He said it was factory damaged and would need to be replaced.  (And I didn't have to install to get this answer).  The new dishwasher came quickly and was installed.However, now that it is installed I am NOT HAPPY with the unit.  The racks are such that the dishes move around when sliding bottom rack in and out and have to continuously rearrange the dishes.  When using the manual detergent dispenser the cleaning was more or less OK but decided to test the dispenser for holding a full bottle of detergent.  I rinsed the dishes thoroughly, even though the manual says this is not necessary.  I do make sure the water is hot before turning on the dishwasher and still had dirty dishes at end of cycle.  I will test it again using the manual detergent dispenser but so far I would say if you want a dishwasher that cleans look elsewhere. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:28:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	rack defect	true
29458605	I've had this so called dishwasher for about four years now.  It has always performed at a sub par level.  Lately however, it has come to the point that dishes actually come out messier than they went in.  It should probably be re-categorized as a dish slimer.  One star as is looks pretty (and is obligatory). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:28:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
30753726	Pros:  Nice design, dishes are pretty clean, and operates quietly.Cons:  Twice had to call for service.  Each time a different motor failed.Recommendation - do not buy this. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:28:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	motor defects, unreliable complaint	true
80440295	We bought this about 2 years ago and it has been terrible.  We have to wash the dishes before putting them in.  It takes forever to finish a cycle as well.  Our previous machine would clean literally anything we put into it.  This one can't get simple things like dried spaghetti sauce off of a plate.  I'll never buy a Bosch dishwasher again.  I would not recommend this product to anyone. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:28:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time and cleanliness complaints	true
82037388	This little thing can really clean some dishes. It cleans just as well or better than a full-size dishwasher. I love that this unit is all stainless inside as well. We did not notice any difference in our utilities and we run it 1-2 times per day.The only thing to note is most dinner plates will not fit. We use our smaller plates much more often then the full-size dinner plates and they fit just fine, they're about 6#34;.I wish I would have bought this unit sooner! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:32:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	internal size complaint	true
24383034	First of all, cleans beautifully.  Almost never have an item that has to be rewashed.  Also fairly quiet.  I DO like the red light that shines on the floor telling you not to open it, it's cleaning--really cool.But...some serious irritating issues.The tines are arranged in a way that I can get only two rows of drinking glasses in.  Any other place than the outside rows of the top rack just tip over.  And the tines are spaced so close together in spots that I have to use every other slot.  I definitely do twice as many loads as I used to but it cleans so much better than my kitchenaid that I'll take it.Also, when the load is done it beeps FOREVER to tell us so.  There's no setting that silences or limits it.  It's like a smoke detector low battery alarm--sooooo grating. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:32:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	noise, design complaints	true
52680732	Works great #60; Easy to hook up .fits great  works for a house hold of 4 , we do one load a day! Love it! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:32:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
56035054	This dishwasher is the worst appliance I have ever purchased!! The problems began the first year and never stopped. My repairman told me he would help me take it to the curb. The dish rack falls apart and gets down in the motor and it also stops up the drain. The control panel blows fuses, the water stopped spraying on the top rack, I could go on forever. I will NEVER buy another Kitchenaid anything!!!! When you call they give you the same speech about how you are using the wrong dish detergent or how your hot water is not hot enough, no matter what the problem is. DO NOT MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE I DID!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:32:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint, control panel, dish rack, motor, drain, fuse defects	true
43049035	I have a very small kitchen and no room to install a regular sized dishwasher under my countertops, so I was really happy to find this narrower portable dishwasher. I found it online at Walmart, and picked it up at the store because it was quicker than ordering it for delivery, and because I saw a few people post about beat up packaging. I enlisted the help of a friend and brought it home in a minivan (although I saw someone post that it fit in her Prius). I moved it into the house with a dolly with little problem. There were no packaging defects or broken parts when I opened it up, and it was packaged better than I thought it would be after reading some of the reviews.I have had this dishwasher for three years now with no problems. I don't use the salt compartment because the instructions say not to if you have hard water. I do check the filter in the bottom after every wash and empty it. Usually, there's not much in there. You can run it through a plain cycle with vinegar to clean it, but I don't even think that's necessary. I use Finish Gel dishwasher detergent and the Kroger brand rinse aid. Generally, it does a pretty good job of cleaning. I did remove the lid from one side of the silver ware tray so that my larger cooking utensils would also fit in it.I saw other people post about problems with water leaks. The only time that I had a problem with a water leak was when my mother was here and she loaded and started the dishwasher herself. I have not had a problem with any water on the floor since so I think that she may not have gotten the door latched shut and it was leaking through the seal. I'm a little amazed that it ran that way! I'm giving it 5 stars. I'm sure that there are more expensive and bigger dishwashers which do a better job of cleaing, but this one does a pretty good job; it was inexpensive; it fits in my kitchen; and it sure beats washing them by hand! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 15:32:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
46398591	1. The purchase process and delivery was flawless. Very pleased with the process.2. Installation went well.3. This dishwasher is even quieter than I expected from the reviews.4. So far it cleans very well. I am still trying the different settings to see which works well for which conditions.5. I love the adjustable upper rack, but still getting familiar with the door silverware basket and how to load it with our normal use dishes, but that is true with any new appliance.6. I would purchase this machine again from the same retailer. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:05:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
80085815	this is a great product.it is very quiet,i was looking for a drinking glass and opened the dishwaser to find one it was running.That is quiet! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:05:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
35652803	My first review was only 2 stars.  I am now giving 3 stars because the dishes do wash well but the drying is poor....unless you use the Cascade rinse aid that Whirlpool advertises with their dishwashers. The fact that the dishes and flatware did not dry on the dry cycle, I decided I would use the Cascade rinse aid that came with the dish washer. The inside of door was dripping wet after the dishes were washed and supposedly dry even with the rinse aid. According to some reading I have done on the web, I am supposed to use a rinse ad to help dry the dishes.  I did not like this because my last Whirlpool never needed any drying agents or any other product for rinsing since I am on soft water.  I added the Cascade Rinse Aid (another chemical), and when the dishes were done after a wash and dry I found the dishes and flatware were much dryer than without the rinse aid. I still don't leave my flatware in the door rack but move the rack to the bottom slide out rack where the dishes are placed due to the inside of the door is still wet, and the rinse aid does not totally take care of that issue. The reason we purchased a Whirlpool again is only based on past experience with this brand.*******************************************************************I purchased this dishwasher a few hundred dollars less at Lowes when the had a sale and with a 10% discount coupon.  I already had a Whirlpool that worked great but thought it was time to update the kitchen.  Stainless is nice but it does smudge, unless you purchase one of of the knew smudge-free stainless appliances, which we will do with our refrigerator when it comes time to buy.  This Whirlpool does not dry flatware that is in the rack which hangs on the inside of door, which can be pain to remove since water is dripping all over with the flatware not drying.  I now place the flatware rack in the dish basket and they dry better. You will notice the inside of door is wet when you open it.  The drying element is rated a 50% with me.  The dishes are okay, and the glasses and cups we have to tilt so the water can run off.  I will say our unit is quiet and so far seem run well.  The drying is the flatware and the inside of door is a pain.  It is recommended to use JetDry to help in drying.  We have soft water so the glasses come clean and clear without JetDry - but why does it help in drying?  I would think that Whirlpool would not depend on some chemical agent to help in drying their dishes.  I would rather pay a bit extra for the electric and have my dishes dry.  JetDry does not help the environment, so if they think saving electric is helping the environment, they should not suggest JetDry which is a chemical added to our rinse water that eventually we end of drinking one way or the other.  In fact, Whirlpool has added a sticker for Cascade where the function touch keys are located.  When it comes to my laundry and my dishes, I want what works and not what takes more time, effort, and sometimes have to double dry or wash to get the needed results.  Double duty does not help the environment.  I will live with this dishwasher for now since we just purchased it...but the next one, and may sooner than later, will be one that most folks say drys very well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:05:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No	does not dry	true
27610480	This dishwasher was purchased on Sept 9, 2010, thank goodness with an extended warranty.  I have had some many service calls in the two years I have owed this dishwashers to pay for 3 dishwashers.  The control board has been replaced 3 times and stopped working again last night.  Brackets have been replaced on the top and bottom racks numerous times.  I have to prewash all the dishes just to get them clean. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:05:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	control board, bracket defects	true
65593818	Bought 6 months ago at a Sears outlet in The Woodlands, Texas.First Installers dented the door.  Sears had to order a new oneSecond team couldn't install it .  Didn't know how to make square dish washer fit in square hole.Third guy got it in, but,...Rear bracket was bent by installation or at factory, resulting in spot welds  pulling through the stainless steel tub, causing it to leak for six months.Found out because my custom wood cabinets are starting to swell and blister.Located the leak and called to ask for a new one to be shipped.Told they are sending a tech to #34;fix#34; it, which means 3 extra days before they will order me a new one.Very quiet but what good is that if it is defective and leaks, ruining your cabinets?Paid almost $1000 for a nightmare from SEARS.Not happy.  Long time Kenmore and Craftsman customer who finally realizes that quality, like Mr. Sears and Mr. Roebuck, is dead at Sears. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:05:51	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	manufacturing damage, leak complaints	true
43071068	This DW cleans very well and is extremely quiet. While others have mentioned concerns about items not drying well, I have experienced no problems even on plastic ware. I do use the recommended Finish drying agent. The bottom rack is laid out differently than other DWs which takes some adjustment on what goes where. It's a bit harder to get a mix of dishes and larger items loaded effectively. That is my only (minor) concern. Otherwise, fantastic machine. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:12:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
40822577	Most of the positive reviews I've read here are about appearance and the ability to clean dishes.  Their is a conspicuous absence of people who like the product's performance, that also write that they've owned their unit for years without problems...  We bought ours 14 months ago, and the console went out after 8 months. The tech showed up and did something, but said he couldn't replicate the problem and suddenly the console worked!  But only for 5 more months... Now the console is completely dead and we have arranged for another tech to come out but will now be paying for it ourselves. In addition to the console we now have standing water in the tub, and the seals on around the unit are not functioning properly. Having been through two repair calls in 14 months we've learned some things about LG by talking with current or previous repair companies, and with LG directly:1) Service companies we spoke with that used to service LG appliances but stopped, or decided never to work with them to begin with, listed a couple of reasons:a. they can't inventory parts for their customers, so they must return a second time - charging customers 2x - to complete a repair once the part comes in.  This is just bad business.b. parts must be ordered from LG directly and take FOREVER (we've been told that we are going to be washing dishes by hand for the next 2 weeks while we wait for the part and repairs).c. evidently LG is a complete pain in the arse to do business with - 3 of 4 repair firms we called for service said that there is plenty of business and they have chosen not to deal with LG.2) There appears to be a severe shortage of technicians that are readily available to service our dishwasher.  I've read about this issue from others, and am now living it myself.  We called theone service company in our area (that is roughly 18 miles away) early Monday and were told that they would get to an LG repair no earlier than Friday afternoon.3) LG's service support STINKS.  They tend to be a bit rude/curt.  More importantly, LG's own policy for how they want to support their customers is OUTRAGEOUS!  They want you to call andconfirm service calls directly with the repair company for yourself etc... every time we deal with them I find myself not believing what they're saying - zero confidence - based on our experience with them.In a nutshell - we love how our dishwasher looks and how it washes dishes (but in this day and age you can get a 10 year old Maytag to wash well by buying high end detergent and using a rinse) - but it is poorly designed and breaks down LOOONGGG before it should, and LG as a company cannot be trusted to support what it sold you in an efficient manner.  They have a customer satisfaction questionnaire after you call their service center, but it asks all the wrong questions about how polite and knowledgeable the call center employee was...as he tells you that his hands are tied and you are on your own with your newer appliance that has broken down again...NEVER AGAIN WILL WE PURCHASE AN LG APPLIANCE - by the way our kitchen is 100% LG today, but will be 0% 18 months from now... 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:12:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	console, internal flooding, seals defects. Design complaint	true
69332191	We use this dishwasher for the dairy dishes/silverware, not very big will not take large pans or pots. For what we need it is perfect. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:12:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
43112993	So we bought a house that unfortunately didn't have room in any of the counter space for a full sized dishwasher without a complete remodel. We settled for a 18 since we don't make that many dirty dishes anyway. The unit is sexy, in my opinion. We didn't have $1,000 for an upscale Bosch or Miele compact unit so I was pleased that this one had a number of higher-end features like a stainless tub and wash settings for delicate glassware. The stainless finish is attractive and easy to keep up with nothing but a damp microfiber cloth.I installed from scratch, with the help of my father in law who is an electrician. Installation was pretty straightforward. Be careful when you're installing the elbow on the hot water inlet, though. I tightened it a little too much and it pushed against the solenoid, jamming it, which wouldn't allow water in the first time we ran it. I backed it off a bit and it's working fine now.Specs say this model holds 8 complete place settings, where full sized units take 10-12, I think. I'm not sure about how accurate that claim is, on average, but it does hold quite a bit - enough for our needs. The manual gives diagrams suggesting how to make the most of the space, thankfully. It can still take a bit of getting used to, though. I quickly found that our large dinner plates (square, 10.25) are about 1/4 too tall to fit in the lower bin without hitting the sprayer. I think they had to set the top rack a little lower than average to allow for the weird double-stacking cup shelf feature up there. Make sure your plates are under 10 in diameter, especially if they're not round, which allows them to drop between the slats in the rack for extra clearance. The silverware trays have removable tops with slots in them to keep your spoons from spooning, etc which ensures that they get clean. You can pop them off to allow loading of larger items, too.It's pretty quiet when it's running. Not high-end Elite-grade quiet but quiet. I was worried about the fact that there were no noise ratings available anywhere, even from Danby themselves, but it's ended up being a non-issue. Our kitchen, dining room and living room are all one big open contiguous space and we can run a load of dishes without having to turn up the T.V. at the other end of the room. Much quieter than the new entry level Kenmore we had at our previous apartment.Wash loads use a tiny amount of detergent, around a tablespoon. Our large box of Cascade will probably last us a year or more. I've found that using a rinse aid like Jet Dry is necessary for dishes to dry completely. I'm not sure if that's just because we had to run a drain line extension but the manual implies that that is the case in any situation. Jet Dry is like $4 and I've got the dispenser set on the lowest of 4 settings so I'm sure it'll last quite a while between refills. There's a salt tray for if you have hard water but we'll not be needing that.I've put a couple of loads through it so far and they've all come out spotless, even on the economy cycle. The cycles take a long time, or at least it seems like they do - I guess I never timed my previous dishwashers. Most of the cycles take about 2:45, though. The buttons only have icons on them and I find I need to keep the manual handy to remember which cycles are which but I've only had it a few days.All in all I'm about as pleased as I can be, sans the issues with the large items fitting, which cost it that 5th star. As long as it holds up well, I give it a hearty recommendation.**Update 3/2014**At just over 2 years of excellent service I need to get ours fixed. It's still draining and filling but it's not doing anything when it should be running the actual wash cycle. Pretty disappointing.Finding a servicer for this unit has been next to impossible. I live in Seattle and yet there aren't any authorized repair centers in my area. There are a couple north and south but they're too far away to service the greater Seattle area. Kind of unbelievable. Sears' website (and Danby's lackluster customer service) says they work on Danby but when I call them they say they can't. I've called a number of the top rated appliance repair people on Yelp and they all tell me that they won't touch it and I should have bought a better brand. A couple say they'll take a stab at repairing it for $200-300 (main pump and/or control board + labor) but that they're not sure that it's worth the money and it'll take weeks to get the parts. We don't have $600 for a Whirlpool or Frigidaire right now so I guess we'll gamble on the repair and hope it lasts. If you're going to buy one of these, either make sure you have a repair center in your area or figure that once you pay for a potential repair you could have bought a more reputable brand name.If I wasn't so happy with how well this worked when it was working I'd probably give it 2 or even 1 stars for all the hassle. I'm going to leave it at 3 for now and update after the repair. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:12:21	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time, not working complaint	true
26451937	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 20-year-old GE builder-grade model. While this dishwasher is much quieter and far better looking, it simply doesn't get the dishes clean or dry! More often than not, we have to re-wash at least some of the dishes or utensils, even after rinsing them before putting them in the dishwasher. We never had to rinse anything with our old dishwasher. We have to load the utensils with the handles down or they definitely won't get clean - and tougher food such as jelly still doesn't come off. This dishwasher holds lots of dishes, but it doesn't do much good if they don't come clean. I don't know how it compares to other newer models of dishwasher, but it can't compete with our old one! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:12:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	No		true
82198152	I bought this on the recommendation of my salesperson.  I was originally going to purchase the Bosch Ascenta that had the highest ratings in Consumer Reports, but was lead to this one instead.It was installed today and so far, so good.  My old dishwasher (Kitchenaid) was total garbage.  I had to put some items through 3 times, and still scrub them by hand to get them clean.This one has a few cycle options.  I chose the quick wash cycle which was only 34 minutes.  Everything came out clean on the first round.The installation person told me to use powder detergent and that the Finish tabs I was using were too much.  I broke one in half and it turned out great.Noise level is fine, I LOVE the cycle time on this first try.  My old one went 90 minutes or longer.I'll update again after a week.  I cook a LOT, so this will get some good use and I'll report back.Update 1/19/2013I'm still loving it.  I figured out that the top rack is adjustable for height and now my expensive wine glasses fit.  The shorter timed cycles are great for a quick load of dishes midday.  You DO need to use a rinse aid with it, but that's a small price to pay for great cleaning.  I still recommend it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:17:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
10274533	I was hesitant to buy from an unknown brand, but not only was it a decent price, but the dishwasher does a surprisingly great job at washing all the dishes. WARNING! This is a small dishwasher that is PERFECT for my small NYC apartment. I usually run it every other day since it fills up so fast (with 3 people in the apt.). 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:17:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
32415153	Our Bosch dishwasher stopped completing its cycles and would no longer work.  Some research online pointed directly to the control module (specifically a defective relay on the module).  It was simple to take apart the dishwasher front door to get to the module.  Need T15 Torx screwdriver.  All the connectors and the control module just snap in.Note - Do not take out the four screws holding the door hinges!  They are not required to remove the front panel, and it is VERY difficult to get the door hinges back on, speaking from direct experience demonstrating sailors vocabulary to my wife.Inspection of the module in our dishwasher showed the tell-tale hotspot on the circuit board under the relay, so we ordered this part.  It did come a few days late, but it was very easy to install.  In about 15 minutes our dishwasher was back to its nicely working and quiet self!Post review note - Relative to the few days late statement.  The supplier agreed to the mistake and refunded the difference in shipping.  Excellent service! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:17:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	control module defect	true
49678583	I bought this model after buying my new home in June of 2011 and it looked really nice in the showroom at a major big box store. I decided to go with the entire line of Frigidaire for my fridge, stove, dishwasher, microwave. All of the appliances except for the dishwasher work really well and look stunning in my kitchen. I ran the dishwasher half filled with some dishes and when it was done, i waited an extra hour just to make sure everything was completely dried. I opened the door and ALL of the dishes were dripping wet and the popcorn bowl i had in there with a little bit of butter on it was still filled with butter and NOTHING came off of it. I've had bad dishwashwers in the past but nothing like this. It's the worst appliance i've ever had in my life. So not only does it not clean the dishes, but it doesnt dry them either. I ended up returning it and going with an upgraded model (Kitchen Aid) and i love it.If you are in the market for a nice dishwasher, please dont buy the Frigidaire Gallery, keep on looking for something nice and dont be affraid to spend a little extra money. You get what you pay for! :) 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:17:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		true
61673650	I found the same issues as Emily.  The top of the dishwasher was cracked upon receipt.  The dishwasher would alarm 30 seconds after starting a cycle.  I contacted tech support at Haier and they told me it was alarming because there was water in the bottom of the dishwasher.  They had me lean it forward to drain out the water and the front 2 wheels broke off.  I tried to start another cycle and it had the same alarm.  Very poor construction.  I also returned the dishwasher for a refund. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:17:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	drain defect, wheel defect, construction complaint	true
79200410	Died after one year. Technician recommended to get a new one. Too bad I did not buy the extended warranty. For this price I thought it would have lasted for 5 years. Apparently the computer, or whatever it is, that run the machine is placed below the drawer. Apparently leaking water flooded this device. Bad engineering. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:21:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	control module defect, leak complaint, design complaint	true
80136135	As many others have lamented: this dishwasher has serious design flaws.Having lived in my house with a loud dishwasher that took forever and did a mediocre job cleaning dishes, I decided it was time for a new one.  After a couple weeks search, I decided on this one.  It had good reviews on Amazon (when brand new), had pretty glowy lights and looked slick next to the other washers of the day.  I was drawn in by the stainless steel and clean looking interior, highly impressed with the nice quiet dishwasher we had bought.  Then, just a couple months outside warranty, the handles for the adjustable basket broke.  It also now has a loud grinding noise when it runs (suspected a piece of the handle, but didn't find anything).  Since then it has also become a regular thing for me to have to send items through 2-3 times.  And the wash cycle takes nearly 3 hours.So, in short, I had a loud, slow, crummy dishwasher.  Then I spent $1000 and I got...a loud, slow, crummy dishwasher.For those of you who are curious, I have disassembled everything you can without removing the washer to try to determine where the broken bits of basket clip have gone and if they're what's causing the noise, but found only that I need to wash the washer a bit more often.Update:  Bought new adjustment brackets, never did figure out what was causing the grinding noise, but apparently whatever it is ground itself away.  Only took about a year.  Since then things get a little bit cleaner on each cycle and most things now get cleaned on the first cycle, so I'm upping the rating to 3 stars. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:21:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness and noise complaints, basket defect	true
27195474	Purchased this dishwasher 1 year ago. Plusses: It is very quiet, uses little or no water, and even less electricity. Minuses: it doesn't clean dishes well. In fact it hasn't cleaned a single dish for the last 3 months, as we have waiting for the replacement parts to come it, the repair man to show up, more parts needed to be ordered, the return of the repair man. Finally fixed, only to die on us again before completing a full cycle.  The repairman has politely advised us to buy a new dishwasher, different brand, since Frigidair dishwashers just don't wash dishes. Being an optimistic person, I continue to believe that this dishwasher some day, somehow can be fixed. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:21:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes	"replacement parts" as defects	true
72614421	Two years after purchasing Bosch's stainless steel rust-free dishwasher with a lifetime warranty against rust, we discovered... rust. It was in a very specific area, where the metal filter attaches to the interior tub. We called Bosch and were told that it was our fault, that it was our water, our dishwasher soap, our flatware--anything but the dishwasher. We persisted, explaining that we use a water softener and a reverse-osmosis system and that our water is no worse, and probably a bit better, than average. Furthermore, if it was merely our water, then we would expect to see rust everywhere. As for our dishwasher soap--well--it comes from Costco, and I'm sure they'd take exception to Bosch's claim that it promotes rust. We offered our own theory, which is that the metal used in the filter is dissimilar to the metal in the tub, resulting in a galvanic reaction and corrosion to the metals. Basically, the two different metals, pressed together in an aqueous environment, results in a battery. But for Bosch to admit this would be to admit a design flaw--the sort of admission that leads to a class-action lawsuit. We already know Bosch uses a variety of stainless metals. For example, the metal used on the door is a very inferior grade of stainless steel that is easily streaked and spotted. And the way you can tell is to use a magnet. If the magnet sticks then it's ferrous metal and more prone to staining.This section is taken right out of the manual: Stainless Steel TallTub: A rust-free, hygienic interior surface with a lifetime warranty. Bosch routinely advertises a lifetime rust-free warranty. The sales reps will tell you that the unit comes with a lifetime rust-free warranty.Yet Bosch claims they don't actually guarantee the tub to be rust-free; they only warrant against rust-through, meaning you will have to live with the rust until it eats a hole through the metal--until water starts pouring into some part of the dishwasher where it doesn't belong (hopefully not endangering you, your family, or your home, in the process). When you consider that Bosch basically expects you to use their rusting appliance until there's a catastrophic failure, you realize that the advertisements, selling points, and sales pitches regarding rust-free and lifetime warranty are all fraudulent.Bosch offered no remedies and suggested that the rust can be removed (on our dime, of course). The problem is that even if we use a rust-removing product, the rust will return in time, because the source of the rust--a design flaw--remains. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:21:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	rust complaint	true
27100292	I purchased this dishwasher about 3 weeks ago, and a few days ago the faucet connector came apart as I was detaching it from the faucet after doing a load. I have been very happy with the dishwasher otherwise - the construction quality and features are excellent, and even the manual is good. However when I investigated replacement parts for it, I found that I am far from the only one having this problem. So I called the Customer Support 800 number in the manual and quickly got to speak to a real person (!) and explained that the faucet assembly has come apart more than once, and while I was able to figure out how to get it back together correctly the first time, the second time, one of the four ball bearings went down the drain.She did not seem surprised by this and told me she would send me a replacement for the faucet assembly right away. I received it three days later. I am still using the original assembly for now with just three ball bearings, and from now on am going to be very careful when I attach or detach it from the faucet, as well as always do it over a tub so nothing can fall down the drain. But if anything does happen, I have a replacement assembly ready!All in all, I recommend this dishwasher - it does an excellent job of washing with no streaks or spotting and is sturdy and easy to roll to and from the sink. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:21:46	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes	faucet connector defect	true
42135911	We had a Danby portable (rolling) dishwasher for 5 years.  We liked the job it did, but it was a pain to roll around the kitchen, and when it needed repair after 5 years, we couldn't find anyone in the area who serviced Danby products.  After 2 years of hand washing, we recently bought a used Danby countertop dishwasher - which was a life saver until it died two weeks later.  So when we finally decided to buy a new Danby countertop model, we went in knowing that 1) these things don't last forever and 2) there is no one in our area who will service them when they fail.  We purchased a 4-year service warranty (through a third party) so that when it does fail, there will be some support.All that said, we have so far been happy with this new one.  The wash cycles are long, but we have been using the rapid cycle (70 minutes) for everything, and the dishes have come out clean.The manual gives a hilariously long list of things that you can supposedly fit in the dishwasher in a single load.  Realistically, for my family of 3, we can fit one meal's worth of dishes plus a few extras in each load (excluding pans, which we hand wash separately).  You will need to measure your space before buying, but for us, it takes up about the same amount of counter space as the dish rack, which we now put on top of the dishwasher, so we don't really have any less counter space than we had before.With all of the Danby dishwasher models we have now been through, rinse aid is essential.  With traditional set-in dishwashers, rinse aid may be optional, but with the portable ones, the dishes just don't come out clean without plenty of rise aid.  It's not that expensive, and if you forget to fill up the pan, you'll see right away that it's not cleaning as well.Finally, the dishwasher is packaged by Danby in a way that I'm sure is fine for sitting on the shelf of a store - but then I don't know of any stores that sell these off the shelf.  The packaging is really not padded enough for this kind of retail shipping.  The first one shipped was badly dented, and the replacement was also (less severely) dented.  We kept the second one with a price adjustment from the seller, and it's not so bad.  I hope that the packaging folks at Danby will consider this; otherwise, the vendors could add some extra padding and save themselves some damage returns.All in all, we are happy with our purchase, and would recommend it - especially with the assurance of the extended warranty.  Check to see if there is anyone who will service Danby products in your area before you buy. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:30:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		true
62629839	I love my dishwasher just like this. I have 3 kids and a husband and we live in a small house. We installed this dishwasher into our counter and used like a regular standard dishwasher and it has been going for 3 years and still going strong and we run 2-3 loads per day in it. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:30:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
42262465	This model is not for anyone who does not run their dishwasher every day.  This is what I was told by Bosch.  It does NOT have a heating element for drying dishes.  It does not dry plastic items, but that is the least of the problems the lack of a heating element causes.  The water cannot evaporate because it is a closed system so unless you use the dishwasher daily, the dishwasher will smell like mildew.  Bosch offered me two options:  1) I could always leave the door open when the dishwasher is not being used 2) I could hang a Finish Dishwasher Cleaner on the top rack.  I thought the second option was reasonable, but didn't want to go with the first option in my new kitchen.  I placed the FInish Dishwasher Cleaner in the dishwasher and used it several times as Bosch suggests.  (It takes several cleanings so the inside can become coated.)  A few weeks later I noticed that anything plastic, including my very expensive silicone items, all smell like Finish.  When I eat food out of my plastic bowls, the food now smells and tastes like Finish.  Bosch says there is nothing they can do as the dishwasher is working as intended.  This dishwasher is rated 3rd by one of the Consumer Reports ratings.  I called them and asked them to PLEASE add a paragraph in the dishwasher section about purchasing dishwashers with no heating element for drying.  Please consider how often you wash dishes prior to buying a dishwasher with no heating element for drying.  Also remember there is a seperate heating element for the water so read carefully when the specs says it has a heating element. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:30:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	unavailable functions complaint, smell complaint	true
79205196	After taxes and delivery, I paid $400 for this dishwasher. It failed twice under the 1 yr warranty. I then purchased the 1 yr extended warranty. 3 months after that expired it failed again. Entirely frustrated that this didn't last and it was a burden having it.If it lasted, I would have rated 3.5 stars since it cleaned most things well and was quiet enough.Would not recommend this machine. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:30:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	unreliable complaint	true
50688551	We put this on our baby registry to have a way to sterilize the baby's bottles and feeding supplies. In the week we've had it, we've done two loads. You have to play Tetris every time you load to try and figure out how to get the most to fit. It does not dry the dishes at all, so you have to leave the door open and pull out the drawer and let everything air dry. It does fit our space, though it is quite awkward on the countertop and makes it difficult to reach above it to the higher cabinet. We're contemplating sending this back and just using a microwave sterilizer as I can wash and dry dishes in the sink much more efficiently than this thing seems to do. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:30:36	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	cleanliness, internal size complaints	true
48449042	Great product, very pleased with the quality and performance.  I would recommend this dishwasher to others and would buy it again. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:36:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
48433577	I hate washing dishes.  Of all the household chores, I hate this one most of all.  Toilet, floor, rugs, windows.... fine.  Dishes: Hate them!  Part of this has to do with their relentlessness--- no matter how many you wash in a day, the next day there will be just as many.  It's a Sisyphean (and thankless) task that sucks my will to live!I needed a solution, and thought I had found it in the Koldfront portable dishwasher.Wrong!It doesn't work.  And customer support was totally unhelpful.Let me explain.The dishwasher is larger than it seems in the picture, and didn't quite fit on my countertop.  This is my bad, since I should have looked at the specs before ordering.  This was a minor annoyance that I got around by buying a small cart for it.  It fit nicely on the cart, and could be wheeled to the sink when it was time to wash dishes.... which I tried to do for the first time yesterday.The instructions were pretty simple and very clear: screw the quick connect hose on to your kitchen sink spigot, turn the hot water on, add soap, and turn it on.  However, when I attempted to attach the hose on to my spigot, it DID NOT FIT!  It was TOO BIG for the spigot.. the spigot was too small.OK, so before freaking out, I called the help line at the company.I explained to the man on the phone--- a very articulate, youngish-sounding, native-English-speaking man-- the problem I was having.His response was, matter of factly: Oh, yes, sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot.  Like, end of story, OK?  Can I help you with anything else?My response was: So.... is there anything I can do about this?Sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot.  We tried our best to select the most common size, but sometimes it doesn't fit.  I've never heard of a spigot being too small.  Hm.  How interesting.But... is there a workaround or something?  An adaptor I can buy?No.(silence)So that's it then? There is nothing I can do?You can buy a new spigot for the sink.I can't do that.  I live in an apartment....(silence)So, besides that, I should just send it back, then?Sometimes the hose doesn't fit the spigot.  You have the option of sending it back.Uhh... OK.  Thanks for the information.You're welcome.*click*No enthusiasm.  No way to try to work with me on this.  Very take it or leave it.Guess what?I'm gonna leave it.Thanks for nothing, Koldfront!!!!!Sheesh. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:36:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
15354022	Negatives:A)installation was difficult because there was insufficient space under unit to run hoses etc.B) interior space utilization is really poor.  Racks are poorly designed and cock easily when pulling in and out.C) instructions are poorly written.  Do not explain all functions and why chime keeps dinging.D) very long wash cycles.Positives:A) unit is quiet.B) cleans dishes pretty well.I'm on the verge of selling it on Craigslist and putting in a Bosch or GE.even if it's noisier and doesn't clean as well. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:36:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	rack defect, unclear instructions complaint, design complaint	true
60672896	I have had the dishwasher a few weeks now. It doesn't quite hold all it says it can but I just run it a little more often. I love not seeing dishes in the sink and it fits on my counter just right. The dial is a little hard to tell where it is in the cycle but when I was reading other reviews before I bought it and one of the reviewers suggested that he solved this by just taking a marker and marking it so you could tell. Overall I am very pleased with this product. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:36:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design complaint, internal size complaint	true
48628924	This dishwasher was the greatest thing since sliced bread !!! I have a family of 5 when I brought this 2 yrs ago !! and I have to say I had no problems !! I washed dishes EVERY night !! some times 3x a day .. She was going strong until the leaking started recently .. UGh what a freaking pain in the neck !! if the window was better made I could go on using this washer for much, much longer as it still works fine .. but what the hell were they thinking when they put that flimsy window there for???, and its only holding on by about 5-8 pegs ??? needless to say I have gotten my moneys worth and more from this excellent machine and yes I recommend it !! but DANBY HOW ABOUT A MODLE THE HAS NO WINDOW SO WE CAN ALL HAVE A GREAT MACHINE OK LET ME AD I WISH IT ALSO CAME IN BLACK OR STAINLESS STEEL .. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:36:23	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No	window defect	true
86137505	Lots of people seem to dislike this unit, but we've had it for nearly a year now without any issues.  It's quiet, easy to use and works great.  I installed it myself with no issues and it has worked nearly flawless (much better than our 15 year old Maytag).  I like the adjustable top rack and the utensil tray works great!We've been very happy with this one. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:40:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
39046806	When I saw this dishwasher in the store I thought I had found the pot at the end of the rainbow.  It was SS inside, electronic, nylon coated racks, EnergyStar and a door that did what it was told (unlike the Bosch that autoclosed so hard it broke stemware in the top rack).My initial problem was that the installer did not level it properly and the door would rub when closed, a sign of an inherently weak box structure.  Once that was fixed we noticed that it did not clean very well.  After three more service calls, adjusting the cycles, amount of detergent, water temperature, loading patterns, etc. the tech. called the factory support and took it thru a built-in diagnostic routine and stated that all was working properly.I called Samsung service for about the seventh time and eventually they offered to do a like-for-like exchange.  I considered that but then remembered that the tech. had declared that the old one was working properly...what would a like-for-like exchange gain me other than more dirty dishes and wasted time?  I persisted and eventually got a refund from the store.I immediately went out and bought a Asko (a brand that has performed very well for us in another home) online that was a new item but a couple of years old.  The price was about the same, but the Asko actually...if you can believe it...got the dishes clean (and it took about and hour less than the Samsung and used less energy!).Several weeks later I went to the store where I returned the Samsung and saw my Samsung dishwasher (white) and another (stainless) for sale, cheap!  Samsung has managed to make a dishwasher series that looks good but failed to perform the primary objective...clean dishes.Too bad they don't give the Zero stars as an option. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:40:27	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	design, cleanliness complaints	true
72027009	This is truly a remarkable quiet dishwasher.  It is a delight to use.  And it is water and energy efficient as well. I only wish they had included the elbow, as this meant making an extra trip to the hardware store to get it.  Otherwise, installation was straightforward.Too bad I could not find this unit in a white finish as stainless steel tends to leave marks on its surface.  With a white enamel finish it is easier to wipe it clean.Other than that, nothing but praise for this machine. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:40:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	installation complaint	true
66976776	Super quiet, and most important of all: **cleans extremely well** (I have a house of three adults and three kids -- we get dishes DIRTY).Also has a lot of bells and whistles. Delayed start mode, a safety feature so kids can't start it, and other nice features. If you're into that kind of thing.The one thing I am not a fan of is the manual clean filter -- but it is so easy to do, I can't bring myself to downgrade my score. You only have to do it once a month and it takes 60 seconds.And again: it cleans extremely well. When was the last time you said THAT about a dishwasher? 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:40:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	maintainence complaint	true
85331076	I am not going to write a super techy review because if you are like me, you just want to know whether a product is bad or something to brag about.  I'm telling you, I LOVE this dishwasher.  I have owned and rented homes with built-in washers, so I have something to compare it to, and it is a REAL, fully functional dishwasher.I have a small 1930s kitchen, and have been handwashing my dishes for about 4 years now.  (I HATE handwashing dishes ever since I was a kid and my mom made me wash for the entire family of 9 people.) After much reviewing of portable dishwashers, I finally selected this model, and boy, am I glad I did.  It is excellent.  It washes everything squeaky clean and it dries them well.  It holds a lot, including a platter and serving dishes.  An added bonus that I didn't even consider when I purchased it is the fact that I don't have to look at dirty dishes around my kitchen.  I can load and store them in the dishwasher until I'm ready to run it, and it keeps my countertops free for other functions like food prep!This is a high quality dishwasher and it's worth the extra expense.  The stainless steel interior is sharp, and the outside looks nice, too.  I purchased the white one to match my fridge and cabinets.  Again, I love it.  No more struggling to keep my kitchen clean.Note that I did have to wait almost 2 months for it to arrive, but again, well worth it!! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:40:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		true
25009688	The little dishwasher does a great job at washing dishes. I purposely left a plate overnight to let the food dry on to see how well this little dishwasher did and it did a great job at cleaning the stuck on food(for the cycle duration I would expect it to[more on this later]). I know you are supposed to do a pre-wash before loading the dishwasher but had to try this to see how well it did.I do have two complaints about this compact counter top dishwasher though and the reason for not giving it 5 stars:FIRST COMPLAINT: The dish rack is built all wrong. I have a difficult time loading the rack to get the maximum amount of dishes in the dishwasher. If you have large dishes the gap in the rack is still to big to keep them from hanging down on the rear right side of the rack and will allow the spray arm to get hung up. To compensate though I just put my glasses or similar objects in this area.SECOND COMPLAINT: The duration of wash cycles, the dishwasher has 5 settings. besides the 12 minute pre-wash cycle the next shortest time is 70 minutes long and the longest according to the instruction booklet is 125 minutes long. My old counter top dishwasher this was bought to replace did a great job in a lot less time(45 minutes for the heavy cycle and 25 for the economy cycle).My previous counter top dishwasher was a Haier HDT18PA and lasted for almost 3 years. I loved it but wanted to try something I was hoping to be better and last maybe even longer. If I could trade this Danby in for a Haier HDT18PA I would do that though. What upset me about Haier was the fact I was not able to get any customer support, after trying to call them numerous times I never did get through to get any actual help.I hope if I come across any problems with this Danby dishwasher their customer support proves to be reliable.UPDATE:I have had this dishwasher now for awhile and the more I use it the less I like it. The main reason for not liking it now is the length of time it takes to wash dishes. I have come to find myself hand washing the dishes so i can get them dried and put away quicker then this dishwasher can. I can usually hand wash the dishes I have in about 10 minutes, dry them and have them put away in 15 minutes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:40:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
44545941	Purchased at lowes. Delivery was prompt and setup was great. The unit worked fine for almost 1 week and then the troubles started. 1st service call the rinse aid tank/door was replaced. The 2nd call was to replace the same parts and a door gasket. The 3rd was to replace the brain as it would randomly pop on and wash with no one near it. Next the soap dispenser door fell off during the cycle. Then the leak started again. Fast forward to a week after the warranty ran out and the soap door falls off again, the rollers for the upper rack break off and it doesn't clean anything like it used to. Twice when the repair service came out I was told that most of the newer Kitchenaid units were problematic and they were often called out to work on them.I will limp this out until I have to replace it but after buying an $800.00 dishwasher and it spending over 90% of its life functioning well below 100% I know what brand I won't purchase.Before looking for a new dishwasher I would recommend calling your local service company and just see if they will give a recommendation of what to get...or at least what not to get.Update:3/12/13 (basically a year later) just over 2 yrs into the purchase and to add to it we have had to replace the upper rack adjusters (3 times), the rear slide adjuster and another gasket.  Time to replace. $800.00/2 years = 400/year. The last dishwasher I purchased cost $300.00. That was 9 years ago and it's still in that house, still working great. Too bad there are no negative stars. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:40:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
34293364	Terrible product by Electrolux.  Was persuaded to buy it over the Bosch because of its very spacious interior that allows (theoretically) us to load  more dishes than standard dishwashers.  FORGET THAT FOR A LARK! Even when it is working properly, it often ignores the top rack dishes, leaving them caked in coffee grounds and other unimaginable food items.  Thus, whenever it chooses to grace us with minimal functionality, we tend to underload it just to make sure that the dishes come out clean.  I way prefer my trusty, 14 year old Kitchenaid that has almost never let me down.As to letting down - maybe rather than count the times the washer did not work, it might be easier to count the times it did!  6 months into ownership we are looking at an equal amount of service calls, and the motherboard already replaced twice.Tonight is the final straw! Error lights blinking again and washer refusing to work.Tomorrow I will not be calling my regular service people, but will be speaking directly with Electrolux.  I wish I could believe we had just bought a lemon, but after reading the reviews on this site, I am more and more convinced that we have been suckered into buying an expensive, undependable, white elephant that I wish we could dump tomorrow. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:40:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32206642	We recently replaced an old (but broken) Magic Chef dishwasher with this Maytag.  Bad move, I wish I just got the old machine repaired.  The new Maytag takes FOREVER, and I mean FOREVER, to wash even on the shortest cycle.  Yes, we've read and re-read the manual, and the incoming water is red hot so it's not like it has to heat the water.  The shortest cycle takes over two hours; the regular cycle takes over three hours.  I'm afraid to try pots and pans cycle or any wash options  (like sanitize, or high temp wash) for fear it will run all night.  The long run time is really an inconvenience when you need dishes quickly; like when the kids forget to run the machine in the morning, and we need clean dishes for dinner.  I just can't wait over two hours.  And there's no way to speed up the cycle.  On the bright side, the dishes are clean - they should be after it runs that long-and the machine is big.  But our old machine got things spotless in about 1/3 the time.  To me, all this wash time is totally unneccesary and a real waste of energy.  Even though the machine is only two months old, we are already looking to replace it.  My inlaws stayed at our house when we were away, and they thought the machine was stuck on so my father inlaw shut the circuit breaker off!  NOT RECOMMENDED!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:40:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
63893353	ABSOLUTLY love it! Perfect for my small apartment, and with a family of 4 all my nightly dishes get done! 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:40:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90403795	Great product, arrived promptly and was easy to install.  Very happy with it, the seller was knowledgeable and confirmed that it would fit in the cabinetry where our old dishwasher was.  I installed it in less than an hour and we are very pleased.  It is whisper quiet and does a great job on the dishes... 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:45:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37047284	Frankly, I don't know what I would do without our portable dishwasher! We moved into a tiny place with no dishwasher, and when I found out you can get a dishwasher to plug into the sink I had to have it. We have had this dishwasher for 2 years now and it still works perfectly. You just roll it up to the sink, attach the nozzle, and plug it in. It takes about two hours to clean everything, then you roll it back. The wooden countertop is a really nice for giving you extra counter space. The best 600 bucks I ever spent. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:45:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34931537	I'm really surprised to see all the bad reviews here. Maybe I got a newer version or something, but this is my favorite dishwasher I've ever owned. I take care of my elderly Mom and Aunt, so I'm cooking and cleaning up all day. I run 3-4 loads a day in this thing, every day. It's been amazing. It cleans like a dream. But because there's only a spray bar in the bottom of the drawer (not also on top like full sized washers) you have to make sure there's room for the water to get to the dishes. You can't put a cup on the rack directly above a plate and expect the water to get to it, for example.I love having both drawers so one can be washing while you load up the next one. It's also so quiet -- everyone that visits comments on how quiet it is. You only hear the sound of swishing water, and a hum when it's draining.I always use cascade complete powder -- that seems to work the best and have used that for years-- not just in this dishwasher. I never rinse or pre-wash anything. It gets dried, stuck on food off every time. (I'm not sure if that's the dishwasher or the cascade complete, but it works great.) 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:45:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37401699	I have had this dishwasherSamsung DMR78AHS 24 Integrated Console Tall Tub Dishwasher In Stainless Steelfor a year now. I think is one of the worst appliances I have ever owned.The thing started off with a 9E error which stops the cycle. This is the float sensor which because of the design gets clogged up inside causing errors. The grease and other food migrates into the float well where it coats the float because it is an open bottom float(why?). This causes frequent errors and the cycle will not start. Fixed numerous times and will never be fixed due the design. Replace the float sensor unit or totally disassemble it every few month to clean it.Now a new error code 4E error and this stops the cycle. This is the flow sensor for the fill water. This was intermittent but now it won't start. I have to call for service again.The service guy replaced the flow sensor and the water valve and it still doesn't work. Now the circuit board has to be replaced. Samsung would not allow the service people to have a circuit board until they replaced the other components. This is ridiculous making the customer wait while they are being cheap.Samsung dishwashers = junk.I will never buy another Samsung Appliance, ever!Stick with cell phones and electronics because your appliance engineering is a disgrace. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:45:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57665461	I recently purchased a Kitchenaid dishwasher Model KUDS30IV. I hadn't read any reviews on it so was a little unsure about how it would be. I shouldn't have worried. It is terrific! They advertise it as whisper quiet, it is. However, best of all, it does a great job washing the dishes and getting them completely clean. The installer recommended only the granular detergent, not the gel, and not washing the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher. His words let the detergent and the dishwasher do their job. And what a job it does, everything comes out sparkling clean, bright and dry. I couldn't be more pleased! I highly recommend it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:45:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40639595	after six month it started giving the se error. Repair has been out here 3 times and has replaced the main sensor and mother board and it still doesn't work. Looks ok though. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:46:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes	main sensor, mother board defects, does not work error	true
87074773	We have been using it for about  two years, love it!  One problem, it is so quiet and with all of the controls hidden I continue to open it when it is running! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:46:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	design complaint	true
23563143	I bought this dishwasher about a year ago.  I use it daily.  It is a wonderful appliance.  It is very quiet.  I use a setting where the cycle takes 70 minutes to complete.My kitchen is very small and I had no room for it on my counter top.  I had a carpenter remove two bottom drawers from cabinets next to my sink and build a flat floor in the open space to set the dishwasher.  She also drilled two holes in the back of the cabinet wall so that the plumbing and electrical connections could extend under the sink.  Then I had an electrician install an outlet under the sink to plug in the dishwasher.  And finally, I had a plumber install the dishwasher so that it was connected to my hot water and connected to the sink drain.  The cost for the carpenter, electrician and plumber was less than $1200.  The cost was well worth having the dishwasher out of the way and permanently connected to the hot water and sink drain.  The dishwasher works and looks like an installed dishwasher.When I first started using the dishwasher, I smelled what I thought was burning rubber.  The odor was not strong, but it was there.  My son told me not to worry, that the dishwasher had a rubber gasket seal and would probably smell for a while when it got hot.  Over time the smell went away.  I have two complaints about the dishwasher.  The design of the dish rack could be improved.  I think it is designed for miniature dishes. It is sometimes a challenge to get everything in, but I seldom have to run it a second time to get all the dishes done. My second complaint is the dispenser for the rinse aid.  I can't tell when it is low, and when filling it, I can't tell when it is full.  Thankfully, the panel has a light that comes on when the rinse dispenser is low.I rinse the dishes well before washing them, because I don't want to have to bother with cleaning the drain trap.  I use Seventh Generation dish soap and rinse and my dishes come out clean and shiny.I LOVE this dishwasher.  It was the best purchase I have made in a long time! 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:46:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No	design complaint, smell complaint	true
27156243	We've owned this dishwasher for just over a year.It's quiet and cleans well if you leave space for the water to spray.  One major annoyance is that the buttons are too easy to bump and start or cancel a cycle.  We try to use the lock button, but you have to hold it for several seconds and it often doesn't respond.At the 1 year mark, some of the control panel LEDs stopped lighting up.  A month later, the wheels on the top rack broke and one of the pieces got caught in the food grinder.  That was about a month ago.  Now it stopped mid-cycle with no lights, no power.  Buy this dishwasher if you want a hobby.  If you want a reliable kitchen appliance, look elsewhere. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:46:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	rack defect, control panel defect, not working complaint, design complaint	true
64355671	Frigidaire completely dropped the ball on this one. Poor engineering results in a soap dispenser tray that cannot ever open completely, because it hits the top dish rack as it opens, only allowing it to open about 1/4 of the way. Therefore the water cannot flush the soap from the tray. This results in a buildup over a short time (months-not a long time for a major appliance), and eventually the soap dispenser fails to open at all during the wash cycle. Dishes not getting clean. Unacceptable for this price. Also, unit is much louder than advertised. Replaced a unit from 1995 which was much queter. Had service call to check it out, and was told this is  normal. Find another brand, as this unit is a bust. Won't ever buy Frigidaire again as they have been no help. 	dlaw	10-26-2015 16:46:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	soap dispenser defect, noise, cleanliness, design complaints	true
28496199	Had it for a few months and it cleans great WITHOUT jetdry. Only issue is it leaves some items longer to dry and it takes at least 2 hours for most loads. Easy to use, doesnt use much soap and moves nicely. Great for the price and convenience. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:48:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
52267506	I had a bosch dishwasher for 9 years and when the control panel broke i decided to get a new one rather than have it repaired -- Big mistake--i bought a comparable one and it stinks--it is small and loud--my past bosch made no noise--i hate this one.  inferior product --had bosch repairman look at it--told me thats what you get when you buy that bosch. Wish the guy at lowes had told me that I would have saved my money. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:48:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
27617075	Countertop Portable Dishwasher with Digital Controls - WhiteI received this Koldfront Countertop Dishwasher on Tuesday, Aug. 10, 2010 so cannot attest to its durability, at this time.  However, I am very impressed with it.  I have included pictures with this dishwasher on this page.Before I purchased this, I did a lot of research on countertop dishwashers.  I read Consumer Reports info as well as customer reviews across the internet and on Amazon.  When all is said and done, it appears that you either get a good working unit or a lemon, irregardless of the Make (although some are better than others, of course).  So, I searched for a unit to fit into my countertop space.  I found this unit. (The product info on this page states that it is 18 1/2 high.  It is actually 17 1/4 high ---17 1/4 high, 22 1/2 wide, 18 1/2 deep.  Not a problem for me as it does fit.)  Be sure to check your available space or consider putting dishwasher on rolling cart.  On another site, I read very good reviews of this unit.  Amazon has the best price that I found.As per the Seller:  Compact Appliance -- 5 stars for prompt delivery and it came in good shape  packed very well.My Findings:You will not get a lot of dishes/pans in these countertop units.  I cook in the morning  evening.  That is 2 loads for me, which would not make 1 full load in a regular dishwasher.  This does not bother me.  The water use is 10-11 quarts per load.  I really cannot hand wash dishes for that.  Hopefully the pictures which I have posted will give an adequate idea of how much will fit in the unit.  You will need to move things around to learn where your items will fit best.  It does have some large holes in the basket for the dishes, etc.  This allows for the water to get to the dishes better.  With careful juggling, you can get the dishes in.  See my picture with the gallon jar which I needed to tilt in order to get it into the unit.  To ensure that it would not slip and dip into the nearby hole, I slightly braced it next to the nearby measuring cup.  While it does not completely dry the dishes, just a short while with the door open will finish off the drying cycle. I use the flatware basket in one load (with the flatware) so that I can fit the pots and pans in the next load minus the flatware basket. It has a rack for cups which folds up and away for allowing taller items.  I have washed 4 full loads and all has come out sparkling clean.  (I did place a rinse basket inside to help with that.) I have read that the tablets work very well in these units. Since those are set for full sized washers, I thought that would be overkill.  To each his/her own. The shortest wash is 70 min.  The longest is 2 hours and 5 min.  While that is a long time, it is not bothersome to me.  It is noisy.  Once again, not a bother for me.  I have run it through all of its cycles except the pre-soak.  I am very satisfied with results!Everything which I needed to get the washer up and running comes with it since I do not have old equipment.  There is no window in this unit, which I read is better as some units (not Koldfront) leak around the window.  It is rather plain looking but functional.Be sure to let the program finish its cycle.  There are frequent pauses (holds?) which may cause you to think it is finished.  If there is water in the bottom, it has not completed its program.  The enclosed booklet lists the times for each program.  Follow those guidelines.  The LED stops flashing when the program has completed.I gave this 4 stars only because I have not had it that long.Only time will demonstrate the durability or lack of this unit.  I will try to remember to update this after a few months and after a year.  Good shopping to you!NOVEMBER 20, 2010 UPDATE:I have had this dishwasher for 3 months now and am very happy with it!  Still doing the job right!  At this point, it gets 5 stars!  I have nothing new to add to the above.  I will try to remember to update this around the 1 year mark.FEBRUARY 4, 2011 UPDATE:The dishwasher is 6 months old and I am still very satisfied with it.  It's a definite 5 stars for me!  I, also, have used it for washing my flower pots.  They get really dirty, of course.  I do pre-soak them in the sink and lightly wash off loose dirt, etc.  If one needs extra scrubbing, I do that before putting them into the dishwasher.  I like to use the dishwasher for the extra hot, hot water which my hands cannot stand.  It sanitizes/sterilizes the pots for me.  Remember that if your pots are plastic, you may get it warped by the hot water if the plastic is not strong enough.  I have washed many pots, clay and plastic, and have had only one warp just a little.  I also wash the plastic water saucers.  I turn the hot water heater down a notch for those.  To clean the dishwasher after washing flower pots, I just run a complete cycle with nothing but the extra hot, hot water and the dishwasher soap.There are some items that I wash in the dishwasher, such as my Canning Lids, that will not stay in the flatware basket while the washing process is going on.  I use a new, clean lingerie bag (nylon mesh that can be picked up at many stores, for holding your panyhose, knee his, etc) and put the items in the bag and stretch it out over the top of the load of dishes.  Thus there is nothing loose to fall to the bottom of the dishwasher.  Everything comes clean and sterile.UPDATE:  JUNE 7, 2012I still LOVE this countertop dishwasher!  It still works great.  I still highly recommend it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:48:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82037388	This little thing can really clean some dishes. It cleans just as well or better than a full-size dishwasher. I love that this unit is all stainless inside as well. We did not notice any difference in our utilities and we run it 1-2 times per day.The only thing to note is most dinner plates will not fit. We use our smaller plates much more often then the full-size dinner plates and they fit just fine, they're about 6#34;.I wish I would have bought this unit sooner! 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:48:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
53755424	We replaced a 25 year old U.S.A. made KitchenAid dishwasher with a  Maytag dishwasher that was not made in the U.S.A.The Maytag was recalled for being a fire hazard. Maytag offered to repair that unit or sell us a new dishwasher at a discount. We decided to replace rather than repair the dishwasher. The new unit is model MDB6601aww. The 2nd Maytag dishwasher has been repaired once by Maytag for leaking. It is noisy and does not clean well. The racks are failing and the door latch is getting balky. This dishwasher is not made in the U.S. Our Made in U.S.A. Maytag clothes dryer and clothes washer have been without problems for 16 years now... 16 years, family of 5. Teenagers do a LOT of laundry. Although the name on these appliances is the same the machines are not similar in any other way. This dishwasher is declining rapidly but I deem it already a FAIL. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:48:44	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37578120	...and so do I, because I don't have stinky-sink syndrome anymore. Ewww! Phew!!With that said, I'm primarily writing this review to 5-star (*****) this SPT Dishwasher and secondarily as a guide for anyone else that needs help with getting this guy working in your kitchen, SIMULTANEOUSLY with a Garden Hose. I figured I'd help the next Harry-homemaker out there - perhaps save you from the self-loathing stupidity and teeth-gritting frustration that my project seemed to have been fraught with.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECTS: Several separate projects needed to come together for my life to proceed:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECT 1: Connect my awesome new portable dishwasher to my Moen kitchen faucet.--#62; See NOTE 1 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 2: Connect my awesome new hose to my Moen kitchen faucet.--#62; See NOTE 2 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 3: Have both the dishwasher AND hose connected to the faucet AT THE SAME TIME--#62; See NOTE 3 below for part names  quantitiesPROJECT 4: Allow for quick removal  stowage of aforementioned dishwasher and hose; allow for normal faucet  sink functions --#62; See NOTE 4 below for part names  quantities--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PRODUCTS  QUANTITIES REQUIRED:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------NOTE 1: [Qty. 1] SPT Model SD-9239SS 18-Inch Portable Dishwasher, Stainless Steel--#62; This dishwasher is the best thing I've owned for a number of reasons. Don't skimp on the the counter-top models. This guy has casters, is solidly built and shipped in some fricken awesome packaging. He has a stowable 5'-ish 110v power cord and a 4'-ish water-coupling hose set coming out of his back. He shipped fully assembled, instuctions on how to run and maintain it, but  no instructions on how to connect it to the sink. It did ship with a nice chrome 'quick-connect' faucet adapter with a FEMALE 55/64#34;-27 connection on one end, and a 'standard' quick-connect on the other.NOTE 2: [Qty. 1] Water Right PSH-075-MG-4PKRS 75-Foot x 1/2-Inch Polyurethane Lead Safe Ultra Light Slim Garden Hose - Olive GreenNOTE 3: [Qty. 1] Camco 20123 RV Brass Water Wye ValveNOTE 4: [Qty. 1] Gardena 9042-BK Garden Hose Quick Connect Starter Set--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OTHER REQUIRED PRODUCTS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1) [Qty. 1] LDR 500 2050 Aerator Adapter, Faucet to Hose to Aerator--#62; adapted my MALE 55/64#34;-27 connection kitchen sink faucet to provide a MALE GARDEN HOSE connection2) [Qty. 1] Lasco 09-1641NL No Lead, Female To Male Faucet Adapter--#62; adapted my Camco 20123 RV Brass Water Wye Valve Garden Hose 3/4#34; MALE connector to the SPT Model SD-9239SS quick-connect adapter. The 3/4#34; FEMALE end of this adapter connects to the Y-splitter, making a 55/64#34;-27 MALE connection available. Then you connect the provided-in-the-box SPT Dishwasher chrome quick-connect to this end.  This is the kludgiest part of the setup.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------OTHER OPTIONAL PRODUCTS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------1) [Qty. 1] Dramm 12353 Heavy-Duty Brass Shut-Off Valve--#62; attached to the spraying end of my hose for, well, ON/OFF capabilities from that end of the hose (and not in the kitchen)2) [Qty. 1] Bullseye Power Nozzle--#62; attached to the spraying end of my hose for, well, high-pressure spraying with low-pressure water feed from the kitchen faucet--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------PROJECT OVERVIEW WITH DETAILS:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------STEP 1: Remove aerator tip from kitchen sink faucet.STEP 2: Connect faucet-to-garden hose adapter to kitchen sink faucet.--#62; My MOEN kitchen sink has a male 55/66#34;-27 MALE connector, after removing the little aerator tip. To this, I connected the LDR 500 2050 55/64#34;-26 FEMALE end of the adapter, leaving the 3/4#34; MALE Garden Hose connector available.STEP 3: Connect Garden Hose Y-adapter to kitchen sink faucet--#62; The brass Camco 20123 with shut-off levers has a nice soft grip to ensure the fitting is snug. This leaves two (2) Garden Hose 3/4#34; MALE connectors exposed. Test for leaks by shutting the shut-off valves and turning the water on.STEP 4: Connect the Gardena quick-connect adapter to one of the available Garden Hose connectors.--#62; The Gardena 9042 kit has a bunch of connectors, adapters and doo-hickeys in it.  Use the DARK GREY 3/4#34; FEMALE Garden Hose to MALE quick-connect adapter piece. If you're looking at their kit pictured, it's on the top right corner of the layout.---====THIS IS FOR YOUR GARDEN HOSE====--STEP 5: Connect the 'intermediary' adapter to the Y-adapter.--#62; As I mentioned earlier, the Lasco 09-1641NL No Lead, Female To Male Faucet Adapter sits in between the Camco 20123 Y-adapter and the SPT Dishwasher chrome quick connect adapter.STEP 6: Connect the SPT Dishwasher chrome quick-connect adapter.--#62; From the previous step, the Lasco 'intermediary' adapter provided an unknown measurement MALE connector that screws INTO the SPT Dishwasher's FEMALE end of the quick-connect adapter. Did I mention this is a kludge? I KNOW THERE'S A BETTER WAY, but this works with the parts I have.---====THIS IS FOR YOUR SPT DISHWASHER HOSE COUPLING====----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------REVIEW SUMMARY:--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Best home investment I've ever made.-MAXIMUSP.S. - Please excuse any typos or missed steps. I think you get the point, and the passion. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:51:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20152328	I have been very disappointed with this machine. I purchased it through my contractor during a kitchen remodeling project more than a year ago. I selected it based on the glowing reviews I read online. On the pro side, it is a very quiet machine. The reason for my disappointment is: (1) the configuration of the racks is not conducive to loading many dishes, particularly bowls, and (2) the silverware frequently comes out with brown spots that need to be removed by hand, despite the fact that I clean the dishwasher filter on a regular basis. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:51:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
71250267	It's lasted me for almost 4 years of daily use. Has become a necessary item in my life. Were it to break down I would unhesitatingly purchase the same item again. Washes 1 day's worth of dishes in our 2-person household per load. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:51:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72965433	I was REALLY lucky and scored one of these on CL for a fraction of the retail price. I've installed it myself in a very small kitchen that did not previously have a dishwasher. I bought the dishwasher around noon one day and among other tasks, it was installed an running that same night. My wife and I eat at home more often than not but we are both very busy with school and work so dishes piling up in the sink was starting to get really old. I set myself up for disappointment because I got it so cheap and the thing has only one knob and one switch, no fancy lights or any of that...kind-of archaic. But actually, this is probably the dishwasher's strong suit. It's simple, specialized to do just one thing, clean your dishes. It's not built to be visually impressive, that's not the point. Enough rambling. We've been using it for about a month now and it works great. We use one of the environmentally friendly type of detergents (which are notorious for not cleaning very well) and I'm impressed how clean things come out in the end. I usually just give the plates a quick rinse to knock of the big stuff; the cups, silverware, and everything else goes straight in. After washing, there are sometimes little bits of stuck on food (my fault for letting dishes sit long enough to dry before washing them or for not getting the stubborn stuff knocked off first) but that happens with every dishwasher, right? The retail price is high but I think you are paying for the fact that it's a specialty in that the 18 dishwashers are much more rare than the other sizes, also it's a GE, and the inside is stainless on all models (black, silver, or stainless). I remember our old apt. had a small dishwasher too, I don't remember the brand but it never cleaned as well as this one does. This one fits way more stuff inside too, because the bottom rack doesn't need space in the middle reserved for the impeller to rise up and wash the top rack. Bottom line, I like it's simplicity and it does what it's supposed to do. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:51:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76201361	I purchased this dishwasher from the Sears Outlet here locally.  Wanted to have a local presence for this item.  I read some reviews of the white/black models that they had and was overall fairly impressed.  The installation went great, was super easy and the unit REALLY does a good job of heating up the water and washing.The removable tray in the rack helps if you have lots of dish loads and its very convenient when you have lots of silverware/utensils to clean.  The racks are slightly changeable in height, but its not significant and the default size is more than enough for all of our largest pots/pans.  Cleaning quality is good on all our dishes, so far we've not had to pre-wash/soak anything.  There are filters at the bottom of the unit, plastic catches and whatnot, that are easily removable from the bottom of the unit.  These can be cleaned of any debris and food, etc. Seems to work well from what I've used so far.  They recommend cleaning it at least once every 3 months, but there's a frequency information in the owner's manual.As to the electronics, there are 3 wash cycles (Heated Wash, Normal Wash, 1 Hour Wash).  There is a 4 hour delay on the unit so you can leave it to wash later in the evening when everyone is sleeping.  Also there is a heated and unheated mode for drying.  I've not experimented much myself with these modes, but they seem to be fairly cut and dry.  Really like the options, and they are simple and self explanatory.The unit is slightly loud, I'm guessing above 50db reaching towards 60. However, I think this is more an issue from the installation and the tile floors we have really echo in what is quite a small house.  I think the unit is on par with anything else in this range. However with the wash quality as it is, it's hard to fault this thing in the slightest.I think overall this is a fantastic washer, that has the necessary features, heats the water well, cleans well and has a decent amount of space to really capture all your messy dishes.  What more can you ask for?  Additionally, installation was a snap with everything being in place within a day (I was a little slow due to removing a cabinet for this).  Seriously consider this dishwasher, its worth it for the pricetag. 	agilay	10-26-2015 16:51:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56936785	I bought the Miele G5775 SCSF and paid the overpriced fee to have Miele do the install directly. This was for a new house. Just moved in and tried to use the dishwasher for the very first time. It immediately went to a lockout state with an error message, and will not even run the very first load. Called Miele and was told it would be 10 days before they could get a tech to even look at it (and I'm hoping he won't have to wait to order parts). Needless to say I'm not at all pleased moving into a new house with a new top-line (supposedly reliable) dishwasher, then having to hand-wash dishes. Miele's so-called Concierge Service is a joke. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:02:12	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
73344744	Bought this dishwasher in February of 2010.  I like this dishwasher very much.  It is extremely quiet, washes the dishes very well, looks great, and is one of the VERY FEW dishwashers that has a food grinder.  Food Grinders are as rare as hen's teeth in even the most expensive dishwashers such as Bosch.  I don't know why they think we want to reach down and empty an ugly tray of food debris.  All the while that food continues to fly around the dishwasher until emptied!However, I had a few problems with the dishwasher.  The computer board went out twice which was replaced promptly and without charge by KitchenAide.  No problems since.  The roller on the top rack broke and I had to have that replaced for $40.00.  But I must say, I wrote to the CEO and complained about this and I was issued a refund check for that amount so I am very pleased with how problems were handled.No problems since.  Sold on KitchenAide.Since this post, I am no longer sold on Kitchenaide.  The computer board went out for the third time  on my 2.5 year old dishwasher.  Also I have two stains on the front panel I cannot remove.  One was a beef gravy spill and the other--I do not know.  At any rate Kitchenaide assured me they use quality stainless steel.  I beg to differ.Glad I bought an extended warranty.  Do not know what I will do once this warranty expires.  Kitchenaide had no response when I asked them this question.Buy Kitchenaide at your own risk.  The quality is gone. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:02:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
14919258	Frigidaire markets itself as having dependable home appliances, but that is false advertising. I have had this dishwasher for only 16 months, and the pump and motor assembly needs to be replaced. This is going to cost more than a new dishwasher, because it only comes with a 1 year warranty. Of coarse, they will gladly sell you an expensive extended warranty. Don't waste your money on this one. It is obviously not built to last any longer than the warranty. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:02:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43801853	Don't buy this dishwasher. Nothing but trouble. Within the first month the control panel burned out. Now it is leaking and will not run. The hard food disposer seems to work only occasionally. The dishes are often not clean, with gritty debris in the glasses and stuck to plates. Glasses are filmy. Items that used to come clean in our old dishwasher don't in this one, like plastic cutting boards. It's only positive attribute: when it is running it is quiet. That's about it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:02:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
53350162	I purchased a KitchenAid Superba 24#34; Built-In Dishwasher Model# KUDS30FXSS from Sears at the UTC store in San Diego.  It was installed Jan. 7, 2012.  On Jan 27, 2013 -- just 20 days after the warranty expired -- 3 of the 4 wheels on the top rack broke off and a main circuit panel failed.  The parts and labor cost to fix this was $419.06.  I spoke with KitchenAid customer #34;service#34; in Cleveland TN (Cindy #3293) and she advised there was nothing they would do.  I spoke with Denise, the dept. manager of Sears at UTC and she said Sears could offer no help.  Long story short, this dishwasher cost nearly $1,200 and it is J-U-N-K!  And neither Sears nor KitchenAid will stand behind their product.  Sure, I could have purchased an extended service warranty from Sears for about $250 ... and in retrospect I should have.  But I should not have to pay a 20% premium just to get reasonable performance.  As an aside, the wheels that support the upper rack are connected to plastic axles by little, bitty plastic barbs.  A service tech told me the rack is designed to be #34;loose#34; in the tracks so it does not bind.  As a result, the little barbs are constantly stressed by the left-to-right motion when the upper rack is moved in and out.  And it is just a matter of time (a year in my case) until the barbs break off, the wheels fall of and the rack comes tumbling down, cups and glasses and all (sung to the tune of Ring Around the Rosy).  This is my first (and hopefully my last) review to this website.  And this is my #34;good-by#34; to Sears.  Over the past 20 years, I have purchased from Sears:  3 refrigerators, 2 dishwashers, a built-in range, a range hood, a trash compactor and a Partridge in a Pear Tree (hey, you gotta keep it light).  I foolishly thought I could build up loyalty with Sears given my long and costly relationship with them ... but no.  Anyway, I feel better now.  And you can also feel better by learning from my mistakes ... and please do.  Avoid KitchenAid products.  They have great curb appeal but no long-term performance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:02:12	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33415456	Hotpoint hda3440G02SA. I'm fleeing mine finally after 3 years of being frustrated, tormented and enraged by this sub-par piece of ))(%!)(!#%R$$!Good thing: I like the stainless steel like paint (no polishing, just wipe clean with a damp cloth. We got the entire set, side by side fridge, glass top stove, microwave  dishwasher. All 3 of the other pieces are a joy, the dishwasher stinks.Bad things: It sounds like a freight train, it's ridiculously loud - hang out the window ac loud if that gives you a clue. The white interior was white for about 3 months. I've tried every commercial and home remedy I could find to try to clean it, with no success. As a result the interior looks as if it's 30 years old - not 3. No other water using devices in the house show stains (fiberglass tub, stainless and white sinks, washing machine) so I doubt seriously it's hard water that is the problem. Something about the plastic in this thing is just defective.The bottom rarely drains if ever, and no the drain hose isn't kinked nor is there food build up in the bottom. As a result the bottom 2 inches are permanently stained an unappealing grey. My dishes are basically WASHED before I put them in for a heated rinse. If freshly used dishes are put in there is a film on them, no visible food particles at all. Any attempt to actually use it as, I dunno, a DISHWASHER even with the water on hottest setting, pre-heating water in sink beforehand and using the pot scrubber setting resulted in cooked on food particles and filthy silverware.I look forward to testing the new Bosch dishwasher next week, and kicking this one down the driveway. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:10:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47994783	This product is very useful when washing dishes. Best of all this one is good because the others I have used always left water iny upside down bowls for my pets. This one drains all water and leaves none. As long as you push the right settings. If you push the wrong settings then some water does get left behind. Otherwise good dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:10:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26451937	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 20-year-old GE builder-grade model. While this dishwasher is much quieter and far better looking, it simply doesn't get the dishes clean or dry! More often than not, we have to re-wash at least some of the dishes or utensils, even after rinsing them before putting them in the dishwasher. We never had to rinse anything with our old dishwasher. We have to load the utensils with the handles down or they definitely won't get clean - and tougher food such as jelly still doesn't come off. This dishwasher holds lots of dishes, but it doesn't do much good if they don't come clean. I don't know how it compares to other newer models of dishwasher, but it can't compete with our old one! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:10:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
29922415	I have been doing dishes by hand for years now, not having a dishwasher. I got used to it. I saw this countertop dishwasher in a movie, and decided to get one- this is the one. It's simple to hook up- it took me ten minutes. I had to use plumbers tape for the faucet nozzle thing- and I do recomend taking the aerator out, as it makes the water pressure spray hard... (The only thing I don't really care for). It's very quiet when it runs, and I was surprised about that. I can fit a lot inside, and it all stacks nicely. I use the little Cascade tablets for soap, and it takes rinse aid. It has several options for programs for which types of dishes you're washing. I love this thing- I usually run it when I'm headed to bed, because it's quiet enough to sleep. I live by myself, but my boyfriend usually eats a few nights a week with me, and it's perfect for the dishes we use. It's also has the Energy Star sticker on it, so that's nice. It's exactly what I needed- I'm so happy with this thing. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:10:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26272830	I purchased my kitchenaid dishwasher in July of 2012. At first it was really great. Cleaned well and most importantly was VERY Quiet.However, after about 7 months the wheels in the upper rack disintegrated; replaced under warranty. After another 7 months (now out of factory warranty) the same problem occurred. (Replaced under extended warranty.) The service rep at abt said this is a known problem!  Most recently the soap dispenser stopped accepting rinse fluid and the soap dispenser would open immediately upon starting instead of opening in a delayed manner. Needed a new electronic mother board and a new dispenser, again covered under the extended warranty.I have owned this dishwasher for 19 months and have THREE Significant service calls.Make your own judgement on this unit...but make sure you buy the extended warranty if you do purchase. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:10:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27706310	I did extensive research before buying this dishwasher. We love the huge capacity as we run a big load. The third rack truly is a space maximizer as we can fit 3 more pots because of that. You don't even have to rinse anything which really cuts down on the time you spend doing dishes and they come out super clean.Dishes are a chore no more! 	kriss95	10-26-2015 17:13:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51482101	The koldfront countertop dishwasher came extremely well packaged and took less than 5 minutes to set up. The instructions were clear and well written and the unit is very simple to use. It does an excellent job at cleaning and has left all the dishes sparkling clean. The unit uses very little power and is indeed very efficient. I would definitely recommend for those with a small apartment where a larger unit is not feasible and/or space efficient. 	kriss95	10-26-2015 17:13:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37935970	Considering my small space, and the size of my apartment, this is an excellent product.  It gets dishes clean, it is convenient, it's easy to use; it's perfect! 	kriss95	10-26-2015 17:13:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52324120	I bought this dishwasher as a present.  However when I received it the dishwasher was damaged, but not from the shipping.  It had a dent on top and the bottom was warped.  Didn't mind the dent, but it wouldn't work anyways cause the sprayer kept hitting the bottom of the dishwasher rack.  Somehow it shipped out of the factory like that.  After getting the run around trying to return it, and after I spent twenty dollars in tape to send it back.  The problem was I ordered it through another seller on Amazon.  I sent Amazon a message, but never heard back from them.  The only way I got anywhere was by searching for the seller online and contacting them directly.  I received a new one about a month later.  It works well but it does take a long time to go through a cycle.  There is no way that you will be able to get six place settings in there, unless you own the same dishes that they used.  Maybe they should sell the dishes with the dishwasher.  I'm only rating this a three, because of the hassle I had to go through to get a new one. 	kriss95	10-26-2015 17:13:02	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31828470	Purchased this product a year ago. Looked nice but that's about the only good thing I can say about it. 4 service calls in a year and apparently still doesn't qualify as a lemon! Drainage issue, poor electronics,...run away fast, unless you like washing dishes by hand for extended periods while they figure out how to patch it together. 	kriss95	10-26-2015 17:13:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48456198	The replacement fuse kit solved the problem and was easy to replace. I didn't have to call a technician and pay $100 for someone to do the repair. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:16:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
74197565	Post Super Bowl I was not cleaning any dishes by hand, any longer.  Bought this and my life is ultra solved.  The dishes are amazingly clean everytime and its perfect for the average counter top.  Couldnt be happier.  Would recommend to all. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:16:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21372887	This is a great little space saving machine!  It cleans marvelously, is easy to use, and features a stainless steel interior!  It really surprised me with how well it cleans.  Dishes came out sparkly.I think this little machine does a better job than some of the older, larger dishwasher models for sure and the price makes everything sweeter.The rollers on the bottom make it easy for one person to 'install' and move as needed.Mechanical dials are simple and durable.I am glad I purchased this machine.This Danby is a little star! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:16:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53839120	it was dented when I got it... but did not open it because we were building a house so I just left it at the front door inside the house where the guy put it.  However there is a big dent across the front.  To late to make a complaint. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:16:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
50688551	We put this on our baby registry to have a way to sterilize the baby's bottles and feeding supplies. In the week we've had it, we've done two loads. You have to play Tetris every time you load to try and figure out how to get the most to fit. It does not dry the dishes at all, so you have to leave the door open and pull out the drawer and let everything air dry. It does fit our space, though it is quite awkward on the countertop and makes it difficult to reach above it to the higher cabinet. We're contemplating sending this back and just using a microwave sterilizer as I can wash and dry dishes in the sink much more efficiently than this thing seems to do. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:16:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
42460433	THERE IS A CLASS ACTION AGAINST WHIRLPOOL DUE TO THE FACT THAT THEIR WHIRLPOOL, KENMORE, KITCHEN AID, AND MAYTAG DISHWASHERS ARE CATCHING FIRE. WHIRLPOOL HAS KNOW ABOUT THE PROBLEM SINCE 2008 AND HAS DONE LITTLE.  PROBLEM OCCURS ACROSS BRANDS AND MODELS DUE TO FAULTY CIRCUIT BOARD.  GOOGLE www.kitchenaidfire.com/ for details. Share information with friends and do not use dishwashers made by Whirlpool unattended (previously a candle warning!).  GE and other brands have also had problems as have refrigerators.Regarding this machine in particular -returning it tomorrow after 1 use.  Upper rack hard to move with just Corelle cake plates and small bowls plus china cups and glasses.  One bottom rack row of tines does lay down to fit in large pots, etc. but only if silverware basket is removed first.  Silverware basket is hard to remove because it has to fit over all the rows of tines.Plastic tub reeked of chemicals after use and was covered totally with water droplets.Interior is shorter than my old Kenmore from front to back.LOUD - even using my thicker insulation blanket from previous machine.  This unit has thinner insulation which does not extend to cover back.Kick plate is thin plastic rather than metal.  The entire dishwasher screams CHEAP (polite for what it really screams!). 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:22:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69324490	At first, I was not sure about buying a dishwasher on the web, but it arrived safely; and once installed I could not believe how quiet this dishwasher is! My dishes are clean; and my glasses look amazing. My only regret.... I did not buy it sooner!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77824091	This product has great space for a smaller size washer. Very easy to hook up, packaging was in good condition. No complaints 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32606896	Very nice small countertop unit. Holds enough for two people. Only run it every few days and according to the tag it runs for peanuts. Sure beats doing dishes. Thanks Amazon!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:22:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48843738	I ordered a set of stainless steel Samsung appliances from Home Depot.  What a mistake! Two of the four appliances do not work.  The freezer door on the refrigerator broke after two weeks.  I woke up Sunday morning to find water all over my kitchen floor and the food in my freezer unthawed. The dishwasher doesn't clean the dishes.  My 13 year old Kenmore cleaned ten times better. It leaves food on all my dishes and glasses. I have to clean my dishes by hand and use the dishwasher as a drying rack. What about Samsung customer service, you might ask?  The absolute worst customer service I have ever dealt with from any company in my life.  For starters, they tried to make an appointment with a company that no longer services Samsung products.  If I had not followed up with the service company, I would still be waiting for a phone call.  They do not take Samsung tickets, but Samsung competence did not realize this.  This was only my beginning with customer service. Promised follow up phone calls from Samsung, never happened.  I will stop here before this becomes a book.  I will just say that I will be without a freezer for at least two weeks, and it will be three weeks before they look at my dishwasher.  My advice, keep away from all Samsung products at all cost, and as for Home Depot, I received very little help.  In the future, I will give all my business to Lowes or Menards. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:22:06	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
46696912	This little Dishwasher is easy to use, washes each dish, glass, silverware, etc, very well - no spots, and can hold more than an sinkfull of dishes.  Definitely worth the money, and stores conveniently in the corner of the kitchen. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:25:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83970945	Add me to the list of one star reviews (only because zero wasn't an option). As always, everything started out great. I've now had the dishwasher just under 18 months and, trouble! About three months ago, one of the lights in the control panel went out and one of the wheels fell off the top rack. Today, all four wheels have come off. The pegs that hold them on have just crumbled. Clearly a material/design flaw. My last GE dishwasher lasted 10 years, this on doesn't look like it will make it two! $967.96. I feel scammed. Once I can afford another one (could be some time), going back to GE for sure! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:25:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66976776	Super quiet, and most important of all: **cleans extremely well** (I have a house of three adults and three kids -- we get dishes DIRTY).Also has a lot of bells and whistles. Delayed start mode, a safety feature so kids can't start it, and other nice features. If you're into that kind of thing.The one thing I am not a fan of is the manual clean filter -- but it is so easy to do, I can't bring myself to downgrade my score. You only have to do it once a month and it takes 60 seconds.And again: it cleans extremely well. When was the last time you said THAT about a dishwasher? 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:25:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85717569	Looked nice and shiny when new after 14 months broke down. Service technician took a week to schedule and a week to order the replacement part and then a couple of days before it could be repaired. Failed about 3 weeks later, repaired again. Failed about 11 months later - same scenario.After the third time we threw it out and will NEVER touch an LG dishwasher again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:25:49	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47581912	The repairman did nothing for my month old washer because with this unit you have to wash your bowls by hand, so it was my fault the kitchen was flooded! I ran it again without the upside-down bowl in the top rack -- water on the kitchen floor anyway. Do not buy this dishwasher unless you plan to use it in the garden. It has great seals around the sides and top but only a dam in the lower front that does not go all the way to the door -- so if water happens to get to the door, it runs onto your floor. Who would design a dishwasher like that ??? 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:25:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
77615927	For a portable, small dishwasher it is a super machine. Hookup and settings are uncomplicated, it takes large pieces and gets them clean. We have it on a cart which isn't quite adequate for its size and weight, we need to change that. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:28:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77501237	I've had this dishwasher since Nov. of 2007. I think after 5 years of usage my review is pretty accurate.Pro:It will clean the dishes on the heavy duty cyle well.Cons:1. Very loud. I can't hear the tv in the living room or have a conversation with someone in the kitchen when the dishwasher is running.2. I have to frequently add extra water in the begining of the cylce because some times the disherwasher won't add any and will run dry. Without water in the tub how are the dishes supposed to come clean?3. There is only one cycle if you want your dishes clean...heavy duty.4. It hasn't broken yet....yes I've tried to curse this dishwasher so I can buy a new one. Sigh...still working. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:28:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
44446846	This is the finest dishwasher rinse aid cap that I have ever purchased.Installation so easy, my 5 year old could do it. In fact, he did. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:28:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86174419	We have had the Kude60FVss for about 4 years.  Today was the 3rd service call on it.  The motor is burned up and repairs are $500+.  This has to be one of the worst investments I've ever made in a dishwasher $1700 plus $200 for the first 2 service calls.  It goes out the door tomorrow/  Good luck finding any warranty information for it too.  As one of the other reviewers says, run away from it 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:28:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
48684532	Ours is less than a year old and has three problems. First, an adjuster on the upper rack broke, seemingly because it became brittle. Second, the unit is leaking from the bottom. Third, the unit seems to be louder than it was when we had it installed. Repair service coming this week. Fortunately, the unit is still under warranty. BTW, we bought a Whirlpool washing machine and it failed in less than a week because of a defective tub. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:28:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32499079	I was hesitant to buy a cheap,  small dishwasher. This thing is great,  so far no issues and it cleans very well. Always comes out clean I'd you load it right 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:32:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45804460	*****BUYER BEWARE!!*****CAVEAT EMPTOR!!*****We bought this dishwasher to replace the piece of junk that originally was installed in our house.  I must say, for the price this washer has great options and the stainless look fits right in with the rest of our appliances.  The dishwasher also initially did a great job with washing and drying dishes.That was just over a year ago.Now, when ever the dishes are placed in the washer, we play a game guessing which ones will need rewashing by hand.  Opening the dishwasher can be some what of a horror show if you appreciate clean dishes and a job well done. I select the Pot Scrubber option even when washing a lightly soiled load because I know that nothing else will do much. And I STILL have to hand wash a couple dishes after this.  If I selected a normal cycle setting, I'd be washing almost all of it by hand afterward.  I'm also experiencing problems with drying.  When you first get this dishwasher, it says in the manual that plastic items will probably come out wet, and they do. This is because they don't get hot enough during the dry cycle to fully dry.  I'm OK with that.  I don't use a lot of plastic anyway and my metal and glass dishes came out very nice.  Now pretty much everything comes out with water on it, and even if it's dry, you can see water spots on EVERYTHING.  And I use Jet-Dry rinse aid as recommended by the manual.  This is very frustrating.And of course, all of this started right when the one year manufacturer's warranty ran out. I usually purchase extended warranties on expensive items, but I didn't on this one.  I don't know why.  I meant to and should have but didn't.I highly recommend skipping this dishwasher.  If you do buy it, GET THE EXTENDED WARRANTY!!  You can get a 3 year warranty from [...] for $60.  I've used them and they are highly recommended.You've been warned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:32:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
19206134	I bought one of these dishwashers in Aug.2006 as a package of Professional Series appliances for a new house. The dishwasher is really quiet but I have had trouble with the top rack simce day 1. It always comes off the rollers. I had a repairman come to the house and he replaced a few rollers with the same type as original. Not a fix. He agreed they were under engineered and left me several to replace as time went on. My final fix was to have a machine shop make me new rollers out of stainless steel with the sides a bit higher so the extension rack wouldn't twist out.Plastic tub, plastic rollers and a cheap extension rack -- there's a recipe for disaster. Next dishwasher will have a stainless tub and a better roller system. Frigidaires customer service is horrible. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:32:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27483231	We were looking for a replacement for a higher end Bosch Dishwasher which lasted 7 years before the motor burnt out.  We used it everyday sometime 2/3 times a day, always in the power scrub mode.  We brought this unit from a local appliance store for $500.  Even at that price it wasn't a great deal.  It was the cheapest stainless tube/stainless front unit with a hidden top door mounted control panel that we could find from a higher end brand.This is the Pinto of the Bosch line and also looks like the Dishwasher that is rebranded as a similarly priced Sears Kenmore.  It has a stainless steel interior but the bottom of the tube is plastic.  The good side of this unit is that the motor, hoses, and hardware are easy accessible.  The old Bosch had to be completely disassembled to get at the motor or other hardware.  This unit is lighter than the higher end Bosch DW's everywhere, smaller on the inside, has no noise insulation, the control buttons have a cheaper feel, and the racks were clearly cheaper with no adjustibility.  (We are empty nesters with kids in college so smaller is not an issue - cheap price is.)  It appears to have a similar sized motor.  Even with the sound insulation that I took from the old DW it is louder than the old DW but quieter than other dishwashers we have owned in the past.  It holds less but so far cleans just as well.Bottom line is that the Acsnta Series is the entry level line.  They could have done better.  Hopefully it is simpler in design and they are using a reasonable pump motor.  If I had paid more for this model to get the Bosch name this would be 1 or 2 stars. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:32:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28531863	Flooded my house. valve did not shut off. it was mess. food gets jammed. no garbage disposal.threw it away in the dumpster. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:32:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
33655806	Excellent! Cleans very well i was impressed, i didnt think it would get dried stuck food off my plates but it did. You really dont even need to rinse your plates and bowls off before u put it in. Just load and go!  The only thing is i wish the cord was longer or they sell cord extensions but other than that great product. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:36:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31667031	I've had my little dishwasher for about half a year now. I love it : ) The little plastic thing that holds the detergent door closed broke right away. The good thing is, it still works just as well. I don't even bother to close the detergent door, any more. I wish it had a light to tell me when it was done for sure, that would be my suggested improvement. If you're paying attention it will make a series of beeps to let you know when it's done, but if you're somewhere else or your head is somewhere else (shrug) it's a guessing game. I love this little dishwasher because it does an awesome job cleaning my dishes and it's so easy to use. My boyfriend boycotted dish washing when I bought this machine because he is opposed to anything that takes up counter space, but even though I am now doing more dishes, I can't be happier. It's a simple (love simple) device that does about half what you could do in your big dishwasher. I'm taking it wherever I go and buying another one if it breaks. This machine is that good : )I discovered something called Lemi-Shine from Wally's World that, when a little bit is added when the detergent pack is placed, makes your dishes come out clean and not covered with that icky white stuff. That product made my year!! I told everybody about it and now I'm telling you : ) 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:36:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59936199	I have had the displeasure of owning this dishwasher for about 6 months now and I hate it! It does not clean well at all.The water in my area is pretty hard so I have tried every detergent on the shelf thinking it was a problem with the detergents I was using. I have tried every cycle combination and still have food particles left on dishes after the cycle completes. Dishes get scraped off into the trash before loading, cookware and utensils get soaked in hot soapy water and practically washed by hand after use and still do not get cleaned in this unit.I have found that the finish power ball tabs and cascade complete pods work best in this dishwasher with my water but I have to turn the rinse aid dispenser to 1 (I have been using Lemi Shine rinse aid because this dishwasher does not rinse jet dry off of dishes well enough EVEN if the dispenser is set to 1 so you see bubbles when you fill a clean glass with water) so I dont end up with residue and spots on glasses. This causes a problem though because without enough rinse aid the dishes are still wet after the drying cycle. My old 8 year old BOL roper dishwasher would clean ANY load perfectly with even the cheapest dishwasher detergent.The tines on the bottom rack are too close together making it difficult and inefficient to load large bowls, pots and pans. The detergent dispenser is also easily blocked.Top rack loading is also a joke. Bowls do not set properly unless the top tines are angled outward, but this reduces the amount of space for other items. Also, the wine glass holders do not work very well and allow the glasses to rub against eachother because the edge of the rack slants down.I have tried loading the dishwasher like the manual advises but results are the same...Poor at best.No, the filter screen is not clogged.No, none of the holes in the wash arms are clogged.No, I am not choosing the wrong cycles.No, I am not over crowding the dishwasher. (It is a household of 2 and loaded and ran nearly every evening)No, the incoming water temp is not too cold.Yes, this dishwasher sucks.Unless you want to wash clean dishes with your dishwasher or use it as storage, do not buy this unit.I thought I was upgrading to a nicer dishwasher. NOTOh I almost forgot, it is pretty darn quiet while its running and NOT cleaning my dishes. :) 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:36:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
70765543	It doesn't pre-rinse, but that's all that's wrong with it.  I used this machine everyday for around 2 years.  It works great.I loved the stand the bottom for uneven counters, it cleans well, but avoid using Jetdry Rinse Agent, because it leaks.  Just use powder.I give it five-stars even with a few problems because it still is working and cleans well.  I wished Haier still had this model available.Great Product. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:36:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69206694	I love it because it gets the dishes clean, it is easy to use and so nice for small kitchens. I would reccomand this dishwasher to any one. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:36:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16630581	I have had mine for over a year and I am very satisfied. Its quiet, quality built, cleans well, and is big enough for a 2 person household.  The hose is a little short, but that's minor.  So far, so good. I would definatly recommend it for a compact portable. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:39:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24563302	I have owned my Fisher Paykel dish drawers for about three years and have been very unhappy with the product almost from the beginning.  It cleans poorly, does not load easily and is noisy.  I have had numerous service calls and consider this to be one of the most unreliable appliances I have ever owned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38960214	We've had this dishwasher for just over six months. Summary: it does not work as expected for this class of appliance. GE service is not as expected.Pros:- very quiet- lots of settings- lots of space- matches the rest of the appliances in our new kitchenCons:- detergent left in the door after cycle is complete. We've had a GE tech come out three times. Tried to run hot water in the sink before turning on the dishwasher, we use the recommended detergent, and we made sure nothing's blocking the detergent from coming out. Tech said nothing's really wrong, just a 'piece of crap' dishwasher. GE won't replace it, just keeps sending more techs.- if you have to run hot water in the sink for 5 minutes because the dishwasher doesn't heat up the water enough, then we're really not that energy and water efficient.- dishes do not dry, even with the temperature boost. We open the door to let things air dry, and have a dishtowel section on our kitchen counter where we put things out to dry. And it's not just the normal ridges, everything's wet.- the rinse aid seems like a scam, but we've been using it. Not sure what it does.We are trying to get it replaced with same model, will post update if the new one works as designed. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
19463437	I purchased this about a year ago and this dishwasher is horrid.  On the first cycle it etched our dishes.  I have since tweaked the water temp and gone through everything in the owners manual and it is no good.  The door to release the soap never works reliably and every cycle leaves large white soap stains on the plates.  We have tried everything... all the troubleshooting, the most expensive soap, jet dry etc.  I have now done a ton of research and realized that I need to pay up for a good 18 inch dishwasher. I am ordering a new dishwasher today and I will have completely lost the cost of this item.  You have been warned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39670041	I have never used such a horrible dishwasher in my life. It looks great, it's sturdy, everything about it seems wonderful.. until you attempt to use it.I have read the manual and used heavy, high heat dry, even hi temp wash and sani rinse... and grief every time they come out wet (even days later) and half of the dishes are dirty (I pre-clean them too!!).Ridiculous. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:39:33	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
70626718	This dishwasher has been a nightmare. First a caster fell off, now the detergent dispenser has failed. It is a constant battle to keep the water supply line connected to the faucet. It is nearly impossible to keep the drain hose and supply hose from flooding the floor when moving. I've been waiting for over a month for parts to arrive to fix the caster and dispenser problems. I would be happy to join a class action suit against Haier for selling such a defective product.(Since I can't rate 0  I HATE to even give it a 1).Nicholas Kunkelnicholaskunkel@hotmail.com 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 17:42:09	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
81664761	We have an older model similar to this and after 4 years, the handle is cracking and it's only a matter of time before it completely breaks. I called Bosch to ask about this and the guy I talked to admitted that there was a problem there but would not do anything about it. The replacement part costs $74 and obviously it would cost far more than that to have it serviced. I would look carefully at the handle design to see if the current models are made stronger before buying another Bosch dishwasher with the same type of handle design. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 17:42:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
54568391	I've had this dishwasher in for about 18 months and have not had a single issue with it. Works perfectly and we love that we can run each drawer independently.I do agree with other reviews that the drawers are not as tall as some dinner plates. If you have large plates this unit isn't for you. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 17:42:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56036732	This product does what it is suppose to do.  It works fine for us seeing it is only my wife and I, however, as others mentioned it does not fit plates as stated, so it probably will not work well for a family of 4. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 17:42:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78647060	For those of you who hate doing dishes and live in a place with no dishwasher - you need to run - not walk - to get this machine. I have had mine for over 2 years now, and knock on wood, not one single problem. This machine is the best purchase I have made for my home - period. I live in a very small apartment (no not in Manhatten like some of you others, but in Los Angeles) where our buildings are old and not updated as well. I have a small kitchen and even though it takes up precious counter space, it is well worth it. The dishes get so clean! I was afraid the dishes would be greasy or the machine would just pour some water on them and bam. NO WAY! I have put everything i can in it and the Danby scrubs them, and they come out squeaky clean. There are no faults with this product, it is easy to connect and disconnect, and the hose can be easily hidden away behind the machine when not in use. It even has a window in the front of it - so when its running you can shine a flashlight into it and see the dishes being cleaned. Best advice it to use good detergent - I use the Cascade complete and that seems to help all the more. I totally recomend this product and wouldn't flinch for a second to buy another Danby product again. 	jacqu95	10-26-2015 17:42:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60672901	I didn't think that I would like this dishwasher as it was not exactly what I wanted. It is surprisingly quiet. It holds quite a bit and does clean the dishes well. The only complaint I have it that they don't seem to dry even it I leave the door open over night. I have only had it a couple months so I can speak to how long it will  last. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:42:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
35218464	I live in New York City and have always dreamed about having a dishwasher. If I knew that an appliance like this was as cheap as it is, I would have bought one years ago.This unit, while bulky, saves so much effort and time that it is worth sacrificing precious counter space. My fiancee and I used to pile up dishes, liking to wash in one fell swoop, so having this unit there, ready to load and run has kept our kitchen far tidier. Installation was a snap, the dishwasher works surprisingly well (we've loaded bowls and plates with hardened sauce or other hard-to-scrub items) and I'm always fairly stunned at how clean everything comes out.I'm also fairly convinced that we're using less water (~3.5 gallons per wash) than hand washing dishes.The only cons are that it can be hard to load if you have oversized or irregularly sized plates/bowls/glasses. But with a little creativity, you can figure out how to fit things. We are just a couple, no kids and we run it 2-3 times a week.Our kitchen is definitely small with virtually no counter space, but we are more than happy with the purchase. It keeps our single-basin sink clear and our dishes are cleaner than they were than when we washed by hand. (I also reiterate that I'm sure we're saving water as well - since water is included, I'll have to consult with my landlady to see if things have changed).Highly recommended - solid build, quiet when it runs, and very effective cleaning! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:42:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
15354022	Negatives:A)installation was difficult because there was insufficient space under unit to run hoses etc.B) interior space utilization is really poor.  Racks are poorly designed and cock easily when pulling in and out.C) instructions are poorly written.  Do not explain all functions and why chime keeps dinging.D) very long wash cycles.Positives:A) unit is quiet.B) cleans dishes pretty well.I'm on the verge of selling it on Craigslist and putting in a Bosch or GE.even if it's noisier and doesn't clean as well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:42:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
28546243	I have had my Danby now for about five years, and it's been just great !  Now after many years of great service it developed a very small leak in the inlet water supply hose.  I will have it repaired.  And when this one finally dies, I'll buy another just like it..  If you do buy it, I guarantee you will love it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:42:34	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
51615452	fit perfect.  it was the true OEM part from PANDORA'S OEM APPLIANCE PARTS.  My dish washer still leaks rinse agent but since it was the OEM part and my dish washer is low end I blame my dishwasher not the new part. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:42:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
19679702	This is absolutely the worst appliance I have ever purchased.  It does not clean the dishes.  If you put in too much soap, it begins to squeak.  Then you have to run vinegar through it to clear it out.  I have a whole list of reasons not to buy it.  Just don't buy it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:45:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51516022	I had a new Thermador dishwasher installed Friday, and it doesn't drain. We tried calling customer service over the weekend. Nowhere on the manual does it state customer service hours, and the phone message also doesn't explain that there is no weekend service. After being on hold for 30 minutes, after-hours help answered, only to inform us that there is no service until Monday! It would be nice if the manual and phone tree would explain how service works. Additionally, I won't get any help with my issue until this coming Thursday when a technician is scheduled to arrive. To make matters more frustrating, the manual does not troubleshoot drainage issues, so we found their documentation pretty useless. I hope to have a better experience with my appliance when I actually get to use it, but for now my beautiful new washer is sitting in my kitchen for a week with standing water in it that I just spent 15 minutes and 4 towels to bail out. Not what I imagined - a bad first impression with this brand. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:45:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47058406	This dishwasher was in the new home that I purchased. Immediately it stopped working. The repairman told me that, even once, if someone puts something in that is just a little tiny bit too tall for the bottom drawer, then the seal between the two drawers is not perfect and the water from the top drawer leaks down and goes into the electronic part of the dishwasher burning out the electronic part.  Even though the dishwasher was almost brand new, I tossed it out and put in a more normal type of dishwasher because I knew that I or my guest helping me in the kitchen would most certainly do just that, causing the dishwasher to fail again. And causing me another very large repair bill.  A very poor design. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:45:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37343378	I have this dishwasher. It looks beautiful because it matches my gorgeous custom cabinetry. That is its only redeeming feature, and if I had it to do again, I would buy a Whirlpool dishwasher that does not match my kitchen. I don't understand why builders are recommending these crappy appliances which do not work merely because they can be matched to cabinetry.This dishwasher has never dried the dishes. Not even a little bit. It is very quiet- It also takes 4 hours to run the cycle. I have had it serviced many times for heating element, pump, etc. Jet Dry does not help. The water does not heat and dishes come out wet and dirty. I will NEVER buy any bosch product again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:45:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39412732	I bought this dishwasher because it is quiet, it is that.  Unfortunately it doesn't work very well.  I used to rinse but not wash my dishes first, now I have to.  If there are small bits of food that are still on the dishes those tiny bits plug up the little holes in the water spray arm.  When that happens the dish washer leaves a gritty film on the dishes. If that grimmy film dries on the dishes they must be hand washed because it will not come off in another cycle of the dishwasher.  That is annoying however its made worse by the fact that it is very hard to get the stuff out of the spray arm.  The water spray arms come off but they don't open up so you have to use a pin to dig out or more likely push in the gunk into the spray arm and then get water in and shake and hope whatever it was comes out the larger middle hole.  This is a total pain in the neck.  I am now diligent in pre-washing my dishes which don't want do and I still have to clean out the sprayers several times a week to keep it working. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:45:52	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
21297573	I was hoping for a miracle. I gave it 3 stars because I wonder if it's our water. I make veggie  fruit smoothies everyday for my daycare kids. If I don't rinse the cups it won't come off. You'd think someone would come up with a new concept with dishwashers that really work. I thought I'd like the silverware on the side but I have to pull the door completely open and pull out the drawer to get to the back bin. My last dishwasher had it in the front so I could quickly open it and drop in the silverware. The tins don't stick up far enough and I've had glass glasses that have fallen over and hit each other and broke. Just dissapointed was hoping it would do what they said it would. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:50:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23037501	I got tired of washing dishes by hand so I bought this thing and so far I like it alot. There are a few things that don't fit (large cookie sheet, a really big saute pan and my pizza cutting board) but everything else fits nicely. This dishwasher gets my dishes sparkling clean everytime. I am completely satisfied with this unit. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:50:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23668647	The Samsung Dishwasher Does not clean, it worked fine for the first few months and that was it, we have nothing but headache, stay away from Samsung dishwashers. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:50:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34894786	I have never written a rewiew of any kind, but felt i should warn others away from this terrable product. I cannot believe a company like samsung refuses to recall these units and alows them to tarnish their immage of delivering reliable products. We purchased this unit just over a year ago and my wife was excited about her new fancy dishwasher. Initially it worked great it ran quiet and did a great job of cleaning the dishes. After 2 months the control unit quit resetting  and now we have to flip the breaker every time we start the dishwasher. Shortly after that the top shelf rack adjuster broke and I had to use a cable tie to hold it together. I had to do the same thing to the other side about 2 weeks later. It seemed to work OK for a couple months after that, though tripping the breaker every time was annoying. About a month ago we noticed a film over our dishes coming out of the unit, so we had to rinse the dishes and dry them before putting them away. Now its not cleaning very well at all, and is leaving black spots all over the dishes. I can't believe Samsung refuses to acknowledged the problem, acting like it is the first time they have heard of the promlem. One month out of warranty and I have to replace the pump and the motor. Wish I had researched the product a little better because this seems to be a common theme with this unit. An $800 dishwasher should last more than a year in my opinion. Many of the cheap dishwashers last 15 years or more. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:50:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77798890	We have tried everything cycles, water temp, detergents and dishes come out slightly dirty and then baked on by the dry.  Top rack is particularly bad.  When you try to adjust the rack for wine glasses the sprayer on top doesn't even connect to the water nozzle that is supposed to supply it.  Have had low end frigidare and high end miele that both clean better.  So disappointing for a high price model.  Love the duel fuel range though. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:50:28	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47985545	I bought this because I have a small kitchen and I didnt want to remove the standard size cabinets.  It is perfect for me quiet and accomodates a full set of dishes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:54:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34311115	After 4 service visits and 1 in-shop service my Electrolux dishwasher still does not work properly. Authorized servicer came to evaluate why my Electrolux dishwasher did not work. He required prepayment to do the work and order a new drain pump. The drain pump was installed a few days later and it did not fix the problem. Ordered an additional upgrade kit and again installed the new part a few days later and the dishwasher still did not work.  Ordered a new computerboard and installed it a few days later with the same results. Authorized servicer requested to pick up my dishwasher to investigate the problem at their shop. The dishwasher was returned after a leak in the drain pan requiring an O ring that was not installed when manufactured and the hose clamp that was not tight enough to eliminate leakage. It was then finally able to start and not shutdown with blinking lights. Now, I have runned the dishwasher multiple times (at least 6) and with various types of dishwashing detergents (i.e. liquids and powders) and it does not clean ...the detergent does not dispense properly, meaning the water does not get hot enough to disburse the detergent. After 5 days of attempting to use the dishwasher I am done with this Electrolux product and am disputing my original charges with the authorized servicer. In the meantime, I'm going to purchase a Bosch. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:54:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
52067368	Bought it late last year. Sometimes it goes through the entire cycle, sometimes not. The repairman told me the latch was poorly designed and he'd seen this before. Apparently, during the cycle the door can get a bit loose. When that happens, it shuts itself off.Also, the way you put stuff in it seems pretty inflexible.I bought it to avoid these kinds of headaches. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:54:33	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
8977035	we purchased a double drawer unit and had it for 10 years.  service was good when we needed it...only once. and we will be buying another one for our new home. 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:54:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71300642	Took just a few minutes to setup, installed easily.  The faucet attachment works perfectly.Just ran the first load.  It was really quiet and cleaned everything well.  Can't wait to run it again!Update:  We've had it for just over a month now, and it is still working well!  Wife is very happy with it.Update 2: Over 3 months in, its working great!  I'll never go back to hand washing, ever! 	agilay	10-26-2015 17:54:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24368133	This was a wedding gift.  The newly weds appear very happy with it.  It was delievered to thier house with no problems. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:00:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24811129	We're very disappointed with this dishwasher.  It's terrible.  The rack is rickety and gets stuck sliding in and out.  The slats in the rack are so widely spaced that almost everything falls through except a dinner plate.  It smells musty half the time.  It seems to be designed as inconveniently as possible so that you can never load it more than half full.  There aren't nearly enough sensible spaces for plates or glasses or bowls.  It feels like a toy.  And for some reason, Bosch (which has a good reputation) thinks they can put their name on this product.  Does it get dishes clean?  Sometimes.  It's not great.  The only good thing you can say about it is that it's quiet -- especially when you're too disgusted to use it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:00:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65099926	Hours before buying this I never knew such a thing existed! Worked better than imagined. Cleaning with vinegar every few months will keep glasses spotless. After three wonderful years, the water pump died (inexpensive to replace), I installed a new one but after a few months, it was never the same. Everything ended up with horrible water stains. Great will it lasted! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:00:23	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45506570	Had serious leaks, hoses weren't clamped properly underneath. I had to fix them myself.it really look like a five year old put it together. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:00:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No		false
42587559	This dishwasher did not work. We tried different kinds of dishwasher soap thinking that was the problem but nothing worked. It also took 3-4 hours to do one load of dishes. TERRIBLE!!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:00:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49175149	Most of these reviews are accurate. It is quiet, looks great, and has mediocre cleaning capabilities. However, I have had my unit for just over a year and can tell you what it is like to own one of these dishwashers for more than the first month.The first time my Kitchenaid Dishwasher had problems, it was a complete shutdown, just a month after owning the unit. The dishwasher stopped in the middle of the dry cycle and was completely unresponsive. The Bi-metal thermal fuse went out. It was replaced and it lasted me 10 months.  Then it went out again. This time, they replaced the control panel, wiring harness, and the same fuse.The machine didn't make it through the first cycle after the technician left. He came back and replaced the fuse again. It went out again.I called whirlpool to take further action and they said my warranty was now out. Even though it was the same problem. One of the times they came out and replaced the fuse was a courtesy warranty service Thanks Whirlpool! However, the same problem exists and the problem has never been fixed.So now I'm stuck with this machine and I've opted to buy a handful of fuses and replace them ever so often. It's cheaper than buying a whole new machine. However...I started researching Kitchenaid/Whirlpool Dishwashers and as it turns out, Whirlpool uses the same set of electronics in most of their dishwashers. This problem exists in many of their dishwashers. In fact Whirlpool has had a string of issues with their control boards. Even to the point that many of the control boards allegedly caused fires. Check out the website kichenaidfire. I'm considering now replacing the unit and staying away from any type of Whirlpool Product.I highly recommend looking into all whirlpool product reviews if you are considering buying one. More than likely they will have the same electronics and same problems and same poor service. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:03:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63520201	Only  the top 3rd rack is nylon, the bottom and middle rack is coated. Disappointing.The bottom rack tines are so short , straight  and close together that soup plates or plates with sizable rims topple over because they cant lean to stay in place. Maybe I need more practice in the best place to load things.You can adjust the angle of tines in the middle rack, not the bottom where you put dinner plates.The racks are gray and the inside is stainless, no contrast, hard to see what whats in there or what is laying in the bottom.The cutlery tray doesn't hold as much as the cutlery tray I had in my Miele but this is no where near the price of a Miela.You will still need to make use of the flatware basket if you are flatware and utensil intensive when u cook.But it is a great DW, lots of flexibility with the racks and tines other that what was mentioned above.I still think it is the best bang for the buck for a third tray DW. Really quiet, like a Bosch in that regard. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:03:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
51716697	This is the third Whirlpool dishwasher that I have had fail in the last 3 years!  This one failed exactly one month after the warranty expired (Whirlpool didn't even consider extended a courtesy to a loyal customer), the one before that lasted 2 years, the one before that 10 years.Whirpool seems to be in a steep decline in overall quality. I manage rental units and repair/replace dishwashers and appliances all the time, but these newest Whirlpool models are unsatisfactory and unreliable. The no frills, cheap off-brand dishwashers last far longer with no problems.For years Whirlpool was my #34;go to#34; brand for major appliances, but after this series of failures I will be looking for a more reliable brand. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:03:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
59364108	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned--it is always broken. Unless you enjoy washing dishes by hand, do not buy an electrolux dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:03:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
50076788	Bought this unit last year.  We were a little disappointed that it was a bit smaller inside than our Maytag, but we were pleasantly pleased with how quiet it operated.  BUT, our satisfaction has come to an end now that it will not drain properly.  Paid $40 to have a repairman come and look at it to tell us that we need a new pump.  We've been waiting for over a month for a pump.  If it weren't for how much we paid for the unit, I would just throw it out and buy another mid-level brand that would at least last a while. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:03:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27880280	This is one of the best decisions I ever made.  It works great and makes my wife very happy as the job it performs is great. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:32:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44210605	Well Amazon deleted my first review because i put the price i paid for this machine.  It was a nice juicy review detailing my harrowing experiences with this product.  I don't have the patience to write it again, but the dishwasher is so bad i feel compelled to at least get this negative review up here.My unit (version 1.. as far as i know there are 0, 1, and 2) has never worked well and has suffered quite a few problems.  Currently I have been waiting a month for a part to arrive from the frigidaire.  These dishwashers have a recall out and their electronics need replacing.  My first replacement parts were good for only one trouble-free washing, and it was still not a very good one. Latest problem: the start button doesn't do anything.  I can select a cycle but i can't start it.Only get this if you like to hand wash your dishes and need an under-the-counter drying rack 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:32:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22545141	The drain hose that comes with the unit, is a two ply hose that eventually separates and intermittantly blocks the drain hose. It will look fine from the outside, but will be 90% blocked on the inside. Otherwise, the unit seems to work quite well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:32:32	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
1312988	I just got this from sears a couple weeks back. Took me a few hours to install because i've never installed a DW before. I replaced a 10 year old rusted out dishwasher with this. This product is amazing, it's SUPER quiet. Nice blue LED's on the front. The silverware holder on the door is a nice feature and holds more than you think. It has a stainless steel tub so it should hold up for the long run! It comes with nice advanced features as well, even has a cycle that detects the load, how soiled the dishes are, etc and adjusts the cycle for proper cleaning. I bought a 5 year squaretrade warranty just in case as well. I highly recommend this DW. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:32:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43842056	This little guy cleans better then any full size washer I have ever used.  It uses up counter space, but it's the same counter space that would be used for drying dishes.  I can not say enough good things about this small but powerful machine.  They are not expensive new, but they are often available used from people moving to a bigger place.  It does not fit as much as a full size, but I'm not sure I ever want to go back to a full size.  Why go big when big is not better. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:32:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56604160	We have this dishwasher. Its 2 years old but we hardly ever used it. Only 2 of us in the house so we was by hand. When we do use it it leaks out the front .I can say it has only been used for washing dishes less than 200 times. You would think it would last for years with everyday use.So in my opinion I would not by any whirlpool products. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:35:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
78942820	I just bought a house with this dishwasher installed. It is quite but will not wash dishes properly as others have said.  It will not dry dishes well either.  I suppose this makes it just a rinsing machine. I knew it was expensive and was trying to determine if it needed a repair or be replaced.  After finding reviews here I was determined to replace it.  A couple of weeks later it made a loud sound while washing then I smelled hot electronics then the unit died. The previous owner said the machine was only 3 years old. I replaced it with a whirlpool gold dishwasher and have clean dishes finally and for half the price. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:35:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62841844	I bought this when I  moved to a place that did not have a dishwasher , i was able to set it up fairly quickly and loved the way it cleaned. Would def rec this. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:35:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53898985	Cleans very well.  I love the quiet and the cleaning capabilities.  The electronics are terrible!!!!! I have had the machine for 10 months. The entire machine was replaced once, the electronic door panel replaced twice and now waiting for a mother board control panel.  The store where I bought it are very helpful but I am tired of waiting for repairs. I wish I had gone with another machine. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:35:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50661130	I did a lot of research before purchasing this dishwasher locally. It seemed to work Ok for the first few weeks, but then the soap dispenser would not open and drop in the Electrosol Tab (the recommended product) into the dishwasher. So now I just place the tablet inside one of the utensil trays before running it. Then yesterday when I opened the dishwasher door after running a small load, I was surprised to see small rust spots all over the inside of the stainless steel surface of the door. I first tried just wiping the spots off with a wet cloth, then tried cleaning it off Tilex spray, then Stainless Steel spray cleaner...but the spots would not budge.This morning I called Bosch customer service for their advise on addressing the problem. The first response was that this was just a cosmetic issue not covered after the first 30 days. Second, that if I had ever cleaned the surface with Chlorox it could cause the surface to rust. Since I would have no reason to try and clean rust stains from the inside of the door until today, that was no help. The final advice was to try and clean it with a product called CLR, a product recommended to clean mineral and rust stains...otherwise, since this was just a cosmetic issue it was not covered under the warranty (period).All of the major, and most of the minor appliances, in my kitchen are stainless steel, and over the past 15 years none has ever had rust spots appear on them...so this was a big disappointment with the new Bosch. Otherwise the dishwasher does run very quiet, and seems to do an adequate job so far. Just not too happy with the rust spots, and the cool brush off by Bosch customer service. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:35:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
40589182	On the normal wash mode this washer runs a long time(approx. 2 hrs)  does NOT dry dishes very well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:38:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
56649644	I recently purchased a Kitchenaid dishwasher to replace a Kitchenaid that operated faithfully and problem-free for over 15 years.  The plastic covering on the inside of the door rotted out, so I decided to replace it with a new Kitchenaid, the KUDS30IX6TI.What a mistake!The man who installed it had years of experience installing dishwashers.  He installed the drain in exactly the same fashion as the previous machine, since it worked well for 15 years.When I used the new unit, it made so much noise I thought it was haunted.  And the cycles lasted for two to three hours.  Finally, after 8 months of strange noises and super-long cycles, I called for warranty service.  Technician from Dan Marc diagnosed the problem without even pulling out the unit to see how it was setup to drain.  He said it was installed improperly and that there was no loop to break the vacuum and the machine was draining prematurely.  End of story, and out the door he walks--said he couldn't do a thing if it was installed improperly.Back on the phone to Kitchenaid and the scheduling of another warranty inspection from another company.  I pulled the machine out before he came and discovered that Kitchenaid has a loop (which is what the tech said I needed in the first instance).  This tech said that I had to have another loop and an air or vacuum break in the line besides the loop supplied by the factory.  Said he couldn't do a thing for me because it was installed improperly.  Out the door after telling me I would be billed for the call--even though the machine is still under warranty.Lessons Learned:Never again buy a Kitchenaid appliance.If you must,make sure the installer is aware of the myriad of hoses he must install and the Rube Goldberg way in which he must install them.Read the warranty before you buy.To reiterate, never again buy a Kitchenaid appliance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:38:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
41828922	Excellent appaliance.  I can even cut the dishwasher gel packs in half and my dishes still come out clean. Perfect for a mobile home without a dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:38:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17305478	I installed the single drawer version of this diswasher. I also have a full sized KitchenAid but wanted a smaller dishwasher as it sometimes takes a couple of days for my son and myself to fill a large dishwasher. I was attracted to the dish drawer because of it's smaller size and efficiency, being that it uses less than 2 gallons of water for the cycle.It's been going for 6 months now and I have not experienced any service issues as some of the other posters. Also during installation I phoned FP tech support and got great service. I did not have to wade through automated menus or key in serial numbers. The person that answered the phone (somewhere in Australia) walked me through the installation, was very patient with me and was able to describe the product in detail .Operation is what is important to me and here are the high and lowsGood:-Unit is ready to go out of the box -includes drain line  extension and power cord pre-wired. In contrast to others that make you purchase these items separately-Extra quite.-Does a reasonable job of cleaning moderately soiled dishes-Very efficient.-More capacity than it looks.Bad:-Dishrack does not lend itself to efficient loading. Works well for full sized plates. But does not handle most glasses and small items well-results in wasted space.-Doesn't always drain fully. Several times it left bottom full of water. Not really a problem just surprises you when you open it and water sloshes around.-You really need to pre-rinse with this unit. I have not had good luck just scraping and tossing the dishes in. For example a bowl with oatmeal on it came out with specks of oatmeal unless I pre-rinsed. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:38:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
27792222	Please do not buy this product and save yourself from a disgusting experience.This model broke after 2 months, but the worst part is what happened afterwards.The only technical support they will give you is tilt the unit at 45 degrees and try again... seriously.Unlike most appliances, there is no servicing on this dishwasher under warranty.  You must find a box big enough to send it back at your expense, because it would not be cost effective for the manufacturer to service it.Finally the customer support was by far the worst I have ever expereienced.  I was promised a call within three days.  Still have not heard from the right department after two weeks, three phone calls and one fax.  Nobody who I speak with can even set up payment for replacement costs!  They simply say every time wait 2-3 more days for billing to contact you.  The warranty is not worth the paper it was poorly written on.5/25/05 Addition - after weeks of waiting for the new unit to arrive, I received a phone call saying that the person who took my order never entered the zip code and it still had not shipped.  This realization alone took Haier America two weeks. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:38:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
89489950	It's not cheap but I have had this dishwasher for three years now and it still works great. It does it's job: it cleans the dishes and dries them.Because of it's size it is great for appartments. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:42:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51748802	I never write reviews, but after my frustration in looking at dishwasher reviews, I felt I needed to.  This is a good quality machine for an affordable price.  We run ours almost daily and it works great.  You use a minimal amount of soap (1/2 the soap dispenser) and the rinse aid and these are clean dishes.  Longer cycle than I'm used to but the 1 hour cycle is nice if you don't mind a quick wipe of your dishes before you put them away(or open it and let them air dry).  There is noise when it draws water, almost like a pump turning on and off, but the running cycle is quiet. The racks are large, and hold alot of dishes.  The silverware tray is roomy as well. I would definitely recommend this if you're looking for a good dishwasher without spending $1,000. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:42:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79200410	Died after one year. Technician recommended to get a new one. Too bad I did not buy the extended warranty. For this price I thought it would have lasted for 5 years. Apparently the computer, or whatever it is, that run the machine is placed below the drawer. Apparently leaking water flooded this device. Bad engineering. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:42:44	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
36942337	This is a great dishwasher. Just what we needed. Other 18 inch dishwashers are actually 19 or 20 inch (Kenmore, etc). We needed something actually 18 inch or less. This product is exactly that.The adapter that comes with the dishwasher did not fit our Delta faucet with its non-standard sized cache aerator. Went to several local shops with no solution offered.This is the adapter piece (from Delta) that made this dishwasher work for us:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003MWRMIQ which is Delta part #RP51505 and you can read Delta's FAQ regarding this part here: [...]The adapter cost $5. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:42:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66593087	I like this dishwasher for the fact that it energy efficient, cleans plates, bowls and silverware well.  It also has a sleek look and appears to be well made.  My one and only complaint and it is a big one...I keep getting spots on my glasses.  I've tried using the Finish brand soap they recommend as well as other products and I keep getting spots on my glasses.  The manual recommends that you do not pre-wash the plates because it uses the dirt  to clean them properly.  For that reason, I would give this washer a 2.5 stars because I have to rewash my glasses. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:42:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
33129054	We purchased this dishwasher a couple of weeks ago from Pacific Sales in southern California (we got a floor model so got a great deal, though it did have a few dents in the back - can't see them once it's installed). It replaced a 17-year-old dishwasher, which I didn't think was especially noisy, but we definitely heard it running.This unit is incredibly quiet. I really cannot hear it running even standing right next to it, except when it empties, when you can hear the water running. Even then it's quieter than the old unit. They have a 41 dB figure for noise, which didn't mean much to me, but it's really almost unnoticeable.It seems to do a very nice job on the dishes. We typically rinse our dishes so haven't tested its limits on cleaning.It was a tiny bit taller than the old unit, so we had to cut a little of the cabinet hole at the top to fit it. It's also a little narrower, and the installation didn't really put in any cushion on the sides, so it can move a bit sideways, which for some reason causes the door to catch on a little bumper on the inside, making it a little tougher to close. We'll need to put in some kind of cushioning on the side to force it to stay put. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:46:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
49186810	I replaced my builder grade dishwasher a year ago with the Kenmore Elite dishwasher.  So far, the Kenmore Elite has performed wonderfully.  It is very, very quiet especially compared to my old one, it holds a lot of dishes and cleans well.  My only complaints are minor.  One is related to the cabinet front version that I purchased.  The location of the screws to attach the cabinet panel to the front really limits what the cabinet front can look like. The panel needs to be 3/4 inch thick all the way around the very outer edge.  For many cabinet styles that is not a problem but for mine it is.  Also, and this seems to be a problem with most new dishwashers, the connection size of the water line is different now on one end than even like 5 or 6 years ago so you have to buy a conversion piece at the store or through amazon.  It is irritating to receive a product and then realize you have to go to the store and find a piece in order to install it.  The manufacturers should know better.On a separate note - if you are replacing your dishwasher because your dishes are cloudy now but they weren't in the past, your problem is more likely related to the changes made to detergents so they have less impact on the environment.  I think it was phosphorous that was removed.  Anyway, consumer reports tested all the new detergent formulations and identified a couple that still do a good job. One was the cascade complete little pacs.  You have to get the one that says complete which not surprisingly is their most expensive one.  It does make a difference though. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:46:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26339674	Although it took a while for it to arrive, it was worth the wait.  The dishwasher is advertised as being very quiet, but you really have no idea what that means.  It is so quiet that when it is running you need to look at the lights to make sure it is on.  On top of that it does what it is intendeded to do. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:46:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60834217	This machine didn't work that well brand new and got worse overtime.  It's finally gotten to the point that it leaves so much residue on the dishes that I'm replacing it with a Bosch.  LG also has terrible customer service.  Don't waste your time with this product, or any LG appliance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:46:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
38463882	We bought the Dishdrawer and several of their products such as the double oven.  All have failed and have done nothing to stand be hind their products as it states they will do while you are on hold.  Expensive products that never work and always need service.  If you do not plan to use your F and P products and only look at them they are brilliant. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:46:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78998566	We bought this unit in white because it has the automatic detergent dispenser. Put in a bottle of liquid detergent and you are set for a month! Also it has the steam technology and we hoped it would clean extremely well. Unfortunately, it didn't even cover the basics if we used the regular cycle - many dishes needed re-washing. When we used the steam cycle, it would still leave a few of the dishes with dirty spots. Oddly enough, the steam cycle cleaned egg well which challenges most dishwashers, but still left other dishes with dirty spots. We had to inspect every dish as it came out of the dishwasher to see whether it was clean. We tried various loading arrangements to no avail. What a waste of time!PROS: It is a very quiet dishwasher and we loved the feature that stored the dishwasher liquid. No remembering to give it soap each time.CON: Does NOT wash dishes well!SUMMARY: we returned it and got a $500 Bosch dishwasher that gets all the dishes clean all the time (OK, we still have to pre-scrub egg dishes).BTW: As the first reviewer pointed out, the GE Profile website is misleading on the features of this dishwasher. Linked videos may not apply to the model you are looking at. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:49:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
85596393	Worked fine right out of the box. This is the problem with most of these diswashersI'll look here next time 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62887195	I chose this rating based on the quality of the product, the phenomenal price compared to other dishwashers, the excellent customer service and free delivery. And no sales tax!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47771235	I have to say I like my L.G. we have had it for almost a year and no problems from HEAVY USE.I Don't scrape pre-rinse or anything and have no problems,I refuse to wash dishes before I wash dishes that is why it is called a dishwasher.Dishwasher's that are madetoday are designed to last maybe 5 years if your lucky.We have a Whirlpool at our farm that runs 5 hours and has over-nite cycle that runs for 8 hours it's the new water and power savers.The Kitchenaid by Hobart I grew up with lasted for over 20 years and was still running when Mom and Dad remodeled.That machines would wash and dry everything in a hour.It used about 11 gallons of water on heavy cycle and had a 1/3H.P. wash motor in it,it would push over 60 gallons a minute through the wash arms compared to 6 gallons per wash arm today.The machine also had a full blown disposer in the machine not a blender blade and I remember they had a demo glass machine and it said Hurricane in a box.The sales man would throw olive pits in the machine and uncooked pop corn and you could hear it chew it up and not even phase the machine.These new machines like this L.G. uses a 110 watt pancake motor and changes from top to bottom and it's pretty powerful if you watch the you tube videos,it's better than alot I have seen.Whirlpool uses a 55 watt drain pump motor for the main wash motor and is made my Askol.I have replaced these and it says on there 20 mins on max and 10 mins off..All dishwasher's for the most part alternate top and bottom arms now days because the motor's are so weak.In 2010 there were tons of dishwasher's going to the landfill because they were not cleaning.The Phosphates in the dishwasher detergent were removed and that is what sequesters calcium ions and so many other thing's that make your dishwasher workwell.That white stuff that I still see folks talking about is because of there detergent has been redone and it does not work unless you buy these 15 dollar for each wash all in one this and that and still does not work.I was adding S.T.T.P. to my detergent with mixed results.Then I found this detergent [...] it is called Bubble Bandit because it has 8.7% Phosphate's less fillers and it marketed as a commercial detergent but,you can read between the lines and before some tree hugger goes nut's.S.T.T.P. is a water softener/chealting agent and there is TONS more in human waste and the stuff they are using in place of phosphates there is alot of questions of safety.The manufacturers loved it when they dumped phosphates.People thought there machine was broke and got new ones.Millions dishwasher's were tossed in the landfill for nothing and were working just fine.I know of 5 relatives of mine who did they did not believe me.I have a 1984 Kitchenaid that was never used sitting in the garage waiting.With these all nite cycles and dishwasher's running all the time how is that going to do anything?They minds well just put a run the machine in the ground button on it.A dishwasher running and running will not last long..The secret is to use that detergent Bubble Bandit you can order 20 LBS for 60$$..There are some states that have banned the sell if you go to there site they can't ship it to you unless your a restaurant or something like that but, you can go on Ebay and get it from a private seller.The smell is gone and I don't use any rinse agent at all.I have done the three layer Cake test in this dishwasher with a full load of un-rinsed,scraped or anything I also dumped in some hard cat food just to give it a extreme test.I set the machine on Normal with Sani rinse and everything was spotless afterwards.. Try that detergent Carton of Bubble Bandit Dishwasher Detergent with Phosphate. Eliminates white film  water spots in hard water. Five 60 oz Bags (19 lbs)- FREE SHIPPING AT CHECKOUT! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51126419	Works pretty well for the price. Just don't overload it with dishes or they won't come out clean at all. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:49:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50418768	I wanted to write a review especially after reading some of the misinformation being spread about this machine.  I've had it nearly a year now and am very pleased with its performance.  At first I was equally unhappy with the long wash cycle, but there are optional choices many appear to have not attempted.  The 3 choice is the 50 minute cycle and highly recommended. The others are agreeably far too long.This machine is awesome and has saved me loads of time washing my own dishes I've done for many years.  It properly sanitizes and most always gets dishes clean unless you don't properly prep them.  For instance, don't expect dried food to get clean. It may indeed come off, but it's important to wash off most dishes as is necessary with larger machines.This machine is a winner.  If you have low water pressure, that's not this machine's fault.  If you expect this washer to preheat water, you're asking for too much. All you need to do is run the water prior to starting the washer to ensure hot water will run through immediately.  This washer does have a heater, primarily to dry dishes for the longer wash settings.It's true on the 3 setting, which is 50 minutes the dishes have water on them after the wash.  You can simply leave them to dry a few hours and open the washer a crack.  Or, you can shake off the water and set them out to dry a few minutes.I don't know what people expect for a countertop dishwasher, but some here are a little too critical. This washer is awesome and I'd give it 10 stars if I could.  It's saved me an enormous amount of time and water usage as well.  It only uses 3 gallons of water. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:51:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64596999	I was very happy with the dishwasher until the motor fell out after 1.5 years of ownership.  This caused all of the water to leak out into the floor and ruined my downstairs ceiling.  The sears technician told me that this was part of a recall and that he would have to order the part rather than use one he has on the truck.I was never notified of a recall.  If I had been it would have saved a lot of effort and expense.  If you have this unit call sears service and demand to know if there is a recall and demand that it be taken care of. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:51:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
80834311	Bought from elsewhere online and saved a couple hundred after 10% energy star discount and 10% military discount.  It took two weeks to arrive and be delivered (free), but my husband still got it installed for me by Mother's Day (today).  If you are wondering what -44dBA sounds like, it is super quiet.  Now when I walk into the kitchen and the dishwasher is running, it sounds like I have a pot of water gently boiling on the stove.  My previous dishwasher was a typical basic model that came with our house when it was built.  It was so loud, we had to stop the dishwasher if we wanted to watch a movie after dinner.  Now I can hear the leaves rustling on the trees outside, and everything else - AWESOME!  Installation was relatively straight forward (saved a hundred by doing it ourselves), once we figured out how to get the door open (pull HARD) so we could get our hands on the installation instructions and all of the hose accessories.[...] website has some good info you may want to check-out before making your final decision on this dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:51:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26148192	I love this dishwasher. I live in a tiny condo and I have been washing my dishes by hand for 12 years. I was sick of it. A friend told me about these and I bought one. The best thing I have ever done. It does a great job, and I don't have a sink full of dishes anymore. Highly recommended for small spaces and dish wash weary people! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:51:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84092775	I am waiting for the 6th Samsung Dishwasher repair person to call to schedule the 9th visit for my 'new' dishwasher. At what point do they stop 'understanding' and 'apologizing' and actually give some customer service? At what point do they do what is right for the customer? At what point do they start to lose money on this machine?With this sort of service, I will definitely stay away from all Samsung products. sigh! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:51:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28887492	I bought this dishwasher to replace a 10-year-old old KitchenAid.  I chose it over Bosch and Miele because the salesman at the reputable appliance showroom I visited said that it worked just as well and had fewer problems with odors and not drying dishes, etc.  I have high-end appliances such as Sub Zero and Dacor, but figured that the KitchenAid was not too low end for our kitchen for resale.It worked fine at first, although the top utensil rack is useless to me as it is a pain to load.  Then it started clouding some glassware to the point that I can't get it clean even by hand.  Now, less than 3 years after I bought it new and had it installed, the diverter leaked, soaking a rug in the kitchen and causing my hardwood floor to buckle.  The appliance repair person said that parts and labor for a new diverter would be $300, plus the trip charge today and taxes, totaling just over $400!!!!  That is crazy to spend $400 on a 3-year-old $700 dishwasher!  If I have to repair it again in 3 more years, then I will have spent $700 for the first 3 years of dishwashing and $400 more for every additional 3 years of dishwashing, so $1100 for 6 years, $1500 for 9 years, etc.  I think if I had bought a better brand, I would have paid more than $700 on the front end but would have ended up with a product that lasts and would have avoided repairs that are unpleasant and time-consuming to deal with.AND...the replacement diverter part will take 3-5 business days to arrive!!!!!Am between a rock and a hard place now. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:57:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46662901	Works great. Dishes are clean and brilliant. The quality of the materials is good. Space inside is enough for 1 meal and 1 breakfast for 1 person. I highly recommend it! 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:57:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
792780	I bought this 9 months ago and every other week it sheds a little broken plastic part from the cheap side arm that holds the upper tray on. I've replaced the entire plastic tray holder (at $30 a pop) twice, and had to replace wheel assemblies also twice when the entire tray falls off and snaps the plastic prongs that latch onto the wheels. I've spent about $100 and hours of fiddling time. Replacing these parts is actually nontrivial , and the assembly is really poorly designed and counterintuitive.  Really sick of the $@#$# cheap parts on the tray. Cleans OK but not perfect - similar to other dishwashers I have owned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:57:27	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41276077	First of all, thank you all of the Amazon reviewers for your detailed reviews; it made setting it up WAY easier.  As others have mentioned, this is the GREATEST THING IN THE WORLD.  It is a sad comment on my life that a small kitchen appliance makes my life, but whatever.  My observations:- yes, it was heavy.  Two people should lift it, but I managed to haul it up onto the countertop my by own weakling self after dragging it over to the sink on a dolly.  When I unpacked it the front was wet, like condensation.-I was petrified that it wouldn't fit under my cabinets.  I measured over and over and over to be sure, and it DOES fit, clears by less than an inch - exactly as I had measured it.-hooking up the hose was a tad challenging, as other reviewers pointed out.  READ THE REVIEWS before you start - you'll get lots of good pointers!  The instruction manual didn't quite give me enough information.  But, in less than an hour, and using an adjustable wrench, much unladylike invective, and, finally, some Jack Daniel's, I figured it out.  The part I stumbled over the longest was getting the fitting that attached to the faucet back into the plastic collar (the part attached to the hose) to which it was supposed to attach.  There are 4 little springy balls inside that collar. To get the fitting in there, you have to push up on the collar to retract those little balls, and then the fitting slides right in and you can snap it securely.  You can remove the collar the same way, and leave the fitting screwed into the faucet so that you don't have to screw anything together (or apart) between loads.-I tightened the hoses with an adjustable wrench - NOT TOO TIGHTLY, since the threads are plastic - after reading reviewers talking about spraying.  If you tighten them enough, they won't spray.-The silverware basket is removable, of course, and there is another rack that is removable for convenience.  It fits a surprising amount in there; I washed a lot of silverware, several dishes, and a large glass baking dish.  I worried about my dishes fitting (10.4 inches), but since the dishes lean forward slightly (as in any dishwasher) they cleared the top easily.-Some reviewers mention that it's noisy.  I didn't think it was any noisier than a regular dishwasher.  Occasionally the sound changed, so I'd go check and make sure it wasn't leaking or spraying.  It was fine - no leaking.  Also, the manual mysteriously refers to the machine mooing.  My machine did not moo.  If my dishwasher started mooing at me, I'd GTF out of the house.-My dishes and baking pan were GLORIOUSLY clean!  I used both dishwashing detergent (the pod kind) and the drying agent.  I am much happier knowing that my dishes are more sanitized than I could get them by handwashing.-The hose disconnects easily, and will have to drain after you unhook it.  I just keep it in the sink (right next to the dishwasher).If I could give this SIX stars I would!  My kitchen is scheduled for renovation in 5-6 months and frankly, I was ready to just use paper plates and plastic forks for half a year!  For this price, and the freedom and sanity (not to mention sanitizing), this will be the greatest thing you ever buy!UPDATE:The dish soap compartment didn't open for two loads.  I figured out why after the second one: make sure nothing obstructs the soap dispenser once your dishwasher is full!  Since it's a small dishwasher, that's easy to do if you're packing it.  If your dispenser door doesn't open, it probably isn't a defect. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:57:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32636207	This is the WORST dishwasher I've ever owned. Immediately after having our BRAND NEW dishwasher installed several months ago, the motor had to be replaced. A few weeks later, another major component broke and had to be replaced. Two months after that, the dishwasher wouldn't even start. They wanted to replace yet another part but we demanded a new (that is, another new) dishwasher. We've had the new one for several weeks, and it's still sub-par. You ALWAYS have to run this model on the additional hi-temp wash setting, which uses more energy and thus costs more to run. Forget being able to use the so-called adaptive setting or anything else--The dishes will NOT come out clean (and I'm talking about basic things like milk in a glass. It will literally come out dirtier than it went in). Moreover, I detest the anywhere plus silverware basket: I'm 5'8 and wear a size 3.75 ring, so I have long, skinny fingers. Still, I have a hard time getting my fingers in and out of the tiny silverware slots. And while the basket *goes* anywhere, that doesn't mean it *stays* anywhere--it's not very secure in any of the possible places. Like the basket, there are numerous other clips available to use to hold things--they're worthless, and in fact a deterrence. They are not secure, move around, and get in the way of the major racks from sliding in and out. STAY AWAY FROM THIS DISHWASHER!!!!!!! I will never buy another Whirlpool. 	agilay	10-26-2015 18:57:27	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54289350	This dishwasher has replaced a builders grade dishwasher that was very old and very noisy. This one is quite the upgrade.Pros:-It's very quiet. We have to go up to it and listen very closely to see if it's running. We can run it over night and not here a thing. This has been one of the most impressive things with this model.-It has a Stainless steel interior. This allows for the water temperature to reach high levels to sanitize the dishes.-The tines are adjustable. On the bottom they can all lay completely flat. And you have the choice o lowering only every other one if you need them to be wider apart.-The top level can be raised and lowered to fit more. This is such a great invention!-The silverware holder can come out in 3 parts if you want more or less of it in the machine.-I put my dishes in and left them slightly dirty - with stuck on food here and there (but no large pieces) - they came out perfect! Rings around coffee mugs were gone! The dishwasher has a food disposal in it to take care of what you don't rinse off before.-it takes up the same space as my old dishwasher, yet hold so much more! I have more space on the sides and a lot more with the height.Cons:-A normal cycle takes about 2 hours to run. But with it being so quiet, I don't mind this.-it beeps a little tune when it's done. It's actually a quite long tune that's pretty loud. Not good for a late night cycle. But looking through the manual I saw this can be turned off.-The depth of the dishwasher was more than our old one that was of standard size. It still fit, but sticks out a bit. We didn't bother to measure the depth since the width and height were perfect matches.Overall we have loved this new dishwasher and hope it lasts for a long time! Great buy. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:01:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
71113134	Purchase Koldfront Countertop Dishwasher  $206I cut the cabinets so the unit would fit perfectly underneath.(2hr)@ $50/hr = $100Then I read the directions (.5 hr)  @  = $ 25Next I assembled and connected all hoses. (1hr)  @  = $ 50I Proceeded to load my first dinner plate and found it did not fit!!!!!!!Listening to the relatives laughter at Xmas?Priceless!Getting my money back is not enough.Take this product OFF amazon. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:01:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
36214414	The dishwasher works well and is easy to use. It came damaged in shipping. It doesn't have any hose or cord storage. The hoses and cords are fairly long and it would be nice to have somewhere to clip them to or wind up on. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:01:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
60906755	Perhaps if Amazon would correct the error in price, someone could actually buy this item.  $250,000.00 for a dish rack, yet only $7.00 shipping. Such a deal! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:01:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19978896	I bought this EdgeStar countertop dishwasher about 6 weeks ago and am so glad I did!  I read many reviews before making my purchase.  It does take up more space than I thought it would so be sure you have extra counter space and read the dimensions (I didn't).  But, it's okay that it's a bit large because that means that it fits more dishes!  It's not for a large family but is perfect for my family of 3.  We run it every few days (depending on how often I cook).  I was surprised at how clean my dishes were after a wash...it does just as well (if not better) than your normal size dishwasher.  After the wash the dishes are still wet but the manual tells you to leave the door open for a few minutes to dry.  Sure enough- after about 5 minutes the dishes are dry!  It does take a long time to wash- almost 2 hours.  But, the energy and water usage is little.  Most of all, it was easy to assemble and start.  Once it came to my door I had it hooked up in about 5 minutes (most of that time was taking it out of the large box!).  Overall, I'm glad I chose this product and would recommend it to any small family. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:01:27	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50129411	i purchased this unit on the recommendations of Amazon user reviews and from another site. For four hundred bucks i guess i shouldn't have expected much. It didn't have the features of the one it replaced, but I wasn't looking for a full-featured machine as I never used many of them anyway. Right away, as soon as i installed it, I noticed that it seems smaller than my old one- maybe it is, but not by much, but it is noticeable. Once hooked up, (and checked for leaks), we ran it through a cycle and there is water and suds all over the floor. Upon further investigation, placing my hand up inside the door, the insulation is all wet. Great.Doing more investigative work by running the unit again, produced no leaks, but the dishes were filmy and not at all clean. running the unit again on a high temp wash took care of the film, but this unit seems not to want to fully clean a dish- something the old unit did without a problem. Thinking I had solved the leaking problem, I continue to use the dishwasher, and one out of every three washes produces a leak.I do not recommend this product, nor will I buy another amana product 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:05:48	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
74609412	I bought this washer to replace older maytag.  The difference?  All the newer washers have energy star, which REALLY means lower speed washer with longer cycle times.  Good news - this machine is quiet enough to wash immediately.  Much quieter than we expected.The features are good - heated drying, sanitize option, steam cleaning, etc.  A LOT of the new Energy Star - such as Bosch don't have heated drying options.Bad news - one of the leveling legs didn't work at install.  I had to make choice to exchange or try and make it work.  A few weeks later, a stainless part was resting inside the bottom of washer - and turned out to be from the swing arm.So, this machine looks good, and has the options, but will it deliver long term?  I'm convinced the build quailty and Maytag brand is clearly not like the old days, and will not purchase this brand in future. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:05:48	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27419095	This dishwasher is absolutely wonderful. Was easy to set up (except be sure to push the washer arm down into place - mine had come out in shipping despite being very well packaged, no biggie). I can't believe how many dishes fit and get washed so thoroughly in this little thing! It does a perfect job of washing dishes. The hose goes on  off the faucet with ease in 2 seconds using their supplied adaptor. Seems very sturdy and well made. My only complaint was that the instructions tell you to be sure to use dishwasher detergent with chemicals. This is ridiculous - you can now purchase natural dishwasher detergent at most health food stores, and the one I am using works like a charm (Seventh Generation Automatic Dishwashing Detergent). My kitchen is tiny but this guy fits perfectly between counter and cupboard. I can't believe I waited so long to get a dishwasher, what a time saver!!!Update after using it daily for over 3 years: Love it even more!!! I have never had a single problem with it. Completely dependable and does a great job cleaning my dishes. Still using the natural dishwasher detergent with excellent results. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:05:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
75751937	It is exactly what I wanted. It fits the needs daily for my husband, 3 pets and me.  I no longer come home to a sink full of dishes.  Once I got the hang of loading it correctly, if was great.  I would recommend it to a couple or family of 3.  It's perfect.  It cleans beautifully. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:05:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83337794	well it works, doesnt get dishes quite as clean as a full size name brand dishwasher, but it does sufficiently clean dishes. the single biggest problem i have had with the dish washer is there is a cover that comes down about 2-3 inches from the top opening that seems to serve no purpose what so ever besides not allowing full size dishes to go in the machine. i solved this problem by cutting it off. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:05:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
20837022	I have owned multiple dishwashers over the years and this one is clearly the best.  It is incredibly solid and well built, heavy with stainless steel interior.  It fits well in my smallish apartment, and uses less water than hand washing by my crude tests.  Buy one now! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:10:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23944591	This dishwasher is terrible!!  We got one about 2 months ago through our home warranty (our old one went out after several years).  After two weeks, the touchpad started acting up- it would take several tines to get it to complete the settings.  Then, it completely stopped working.  We made a call and it was determined that the touchpad  went out.  After waiting a month, the parts came in and the dishwasher started working again.  And then, like clockwork, it has stopped working after two weeks again!!!  Horrible product!!!!!I only gave it one star because I wasn't able to give it zero. It deserves a zero++++++ 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:10:00	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
17096407	Whirlpool poducts have been above average for many years in performance and reliability , and i have owned their equipment for over 35 years and this dishwasher is an exceptional value.. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:10:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82327365	great product! cleans my dishes better than some full sized ones i have had AND it is quiet! Only thing to watch out for is that some of my dinner plates do not fit. When I set them at an angle they will but I can't load much in it when I do that. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:10:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
58670500	Not bad, not bad. At least I don't have to wash dishes by hand anymore. After having to be shown how to attach the input hose to a faucet so the water source doesn't spray all over the place, thanks to a incomplete manual that doesn't mention how to do this, the thing performed beautifully, taking an enormous amount of pressure and not leaking at all! However, the washing results are typical electronic dishwasher mediocre: The silverware has to be rinsed off, so do the glasses and anything that was particularly dirty when you put it in there. The detergent reservoir is a little indent in the door, not a well that dispenses the detergent as needed...and you don't get two jet sprayers in the machine...just one!While it DOES get the majority of the dishes clean enough to eat off of, and takes filthy eating-ware and makes it usable again, this unit was a MAJOR disappointment, considering that it costs 2/3 of what a full bore basic unit would have cost! The sorry thing is, the market's kinda short on units like this, even though the need is definitely out there, and ALL the units are in this price range or higher and don't vary that much in design or what they offer, manufacturer to manufacturer.Guess at this point, it's up to me to find a better detergent.... 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:10:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
91070149	I bought a Haier dishwasher, a year and a month later the control panel stopped working. The appliance repair man said that happens to almost all Haier dishwashers and that I might as well through it away. I have since tried dealing with Haier customer service. This has been going on for 3 months now. I don't recieve calls back when they promise that they would, everybody I talk to tells me something different, it has been an absolute joke. I will never buy a product from this company again. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:12:04	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55228441	This is a budget dishwasher and that is what it is. The only improvement I find over our 12 year old Frigidaire is that it is very quiet. It cleans the dishes fine and has plenty of choices for cycles. We do not like the utensil basket as well, however, it works fine. I would purchase it again - just do not expect it to be as slick as the $800 Dishwashers. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:12:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81934112	I bought these dishwashers and had them set up on each side of my sink to have to keep from bending due to back problems.  THAT is the only benefit to these dishwashers.  I was doing an updated kitchen and though they would look sharp.  Well, that is the ONLY good thing I can say about them.Cleaning my kitchen is now a nightmare as you can hardly fit anything in these.  The racks seem to be set up strangely as often the plates lie right against one another making it a common practice to have to rewash items.  I have taken to doing a rinse cycle for any dishes that I am not going to wash immediately.  Forget the normal cycle or the light cycle...they are worthless.  I have to wash everything on heavy duty or nothing comes clean.  Even then I often find soap residue on dishes and have to rewash them. And the cycles last forever...I think the heavy duty cycle must last about 3 hours.  Fortunately they are extremely quiet.Unlike some of the others reviews I have had no maintenance problems with these, except that every now and then you cannot get it function as far as selecting modes to wash on.  I have to open the drawer as many as 10 or 15 times to be able to get the lights to come on so you can choose a setting.  The service people can find nothing wrong with it, but I have noticed that keeping that part of the machine wiped down well seems to help.These dishwashers have made my life a nightmare.  They are pretty, and they do keep you from bending over...with a bad back I thought they were the perfect solution...NOTThey cost a small fortune and the truth is the cheapest dishwashers on the market (I have one in my 2nd home) cleans better than these.RUN DO NOT WALK from anyone who tries to sell you this piece of junk.  Nearly $2000 out the window, and the way mine are configured on each side of the sink, with drawers below mean I cannot take them out a replace them with a decent dishwasher.I bought these about 5 years ago...and not a day goes by that I don't curse them. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:12:04	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
5190960	I bought this model about five years ago and it was a little difficult to connect in the beginning- even with the manual. I actually had to contact the maker to get a gizmo that worked with my sink; but they were very polite and helped right away. After that, this little thing has done two loads a day every day for all those years. It looks like I may finally be needing a new one, and I think that was a pretty good deal. It has really held up- no matter what! what is that... a quarter a load or less? Can't beat it in my book. BTW, we have terribly hard water where I am, and this thing could have lasted longer if it weren't for that. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:12:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33218098	We've had to run the dishwasher on high heat/heavy load in order to clean a normal load. Just today, it stopped working mid-cycle, so had to drain it then re-start the cycle, so it's longevity is now a bit sketchy. Will update again if it gets worse, or if that was a one-time hiccup.On the plus side, it's simple to operate and I can fit most things in the dishwasher that I'd like. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:12:04	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
56219921	We had a dishwasher that was builder grade.  It was loud, but it cleaned our dishes.  We bought this dishwasher because we wanted a quiet, high quality dishwasher.  Well, it is quiet, but it does not clean the dishes!!We called the store that we purchased the dishwasher from after 1 week, but they would not do anything for us.  They told us we had to call Maytag for any assistance.Maytag's suggestions were:* Run the hot water in the sink before we run the dishwasher to make sure that the water entering the dishwasher is hot enough to clean the dishes* Use more dish washing detergent* Completely rinse our dishes before we put them in the dishwasher (even though this dishwasher's description says, There's no need to rinse off dried-on food thanks to the ToughScrub option and a powerful 4-blade stainless steel chopper.)* Make sure we load the dishwasher properly.So, for me, this means that I am stuck with a useless dishwasher for the next few years that cost way too much for me to have to go through all these steps for clean dishes! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:19:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
65009236	Purchased an LG LDF6920ST dishwasher July 2009 and I am already having to replace it. The original Dishwasher in the house lasted 19 years - the LG only 3 years. The LG started out quiet then got progressivly louder. Cleaning has always been marginal. A friend who happens to sell appliances told me that LG makes very poor dishwashers. Most of their other products are very good as I have an LG washer  Dryer, 2 TVs, and a refrigerater. He told me a year ago the Dishwasher would not last and he was correct. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:19:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59856518	Well, I've had this thing set up for about a month now, and no problems whatsoever....well, except that I missed the tape holding the lower spray arm still so it didn't do such a great job the first time......The only things I can recommend is be sure to get all the tape off of the parts in the inside, and realize sooner than I did that the plastic ring on the hose slides down for ease of attachment to your sink.....All in all, it's been really great.  Doesn't hold a lot at one time, but it's a very convenient appliance and it does a great job (so far). 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:19:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19878497	I would not recommend this dishwasher to anyone (Whirlpool Gold Dishwasher GU2475XTVY). I upgraded all the appliances to the Whirlpool Gold series when I had my home built. This dishwasher never dried the dishes good at all and did leave food on dishes from time to time and finally quit working at the beginning of the 14th month of use. I contacted Whirlpool who sent out a tech to check it out and after a $87.00 call out fee the tech said it would be cheaper to buy another dishwasher than to fix this one (had a bad circuit board and touch panel). He also said when I buy another dishwasher look for one that has more than a 1 year warranty without having to buy an extended warranty so basically he said not to buy a whirlpool because they only offer a 1 year warranty as a standard warranty. I never had the opportunity to buy an extended warranty on any of my new Whirlpool Gold home applainces. Will not buy Whirlpool again!! This is my first and hopefully last bad review on any brand appliance. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:19:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41261863	I agree with the other reviewers!!  And I WISH we would have had the luxury of these reviews when we initially purchased this machine back in 2009.I'll echo what the others have shared:  the machine doesn't get the dishes clean, and at times even smells of mildew (ineffective drying).The major drawback, however, for my busy family is the constant breaking down of the machine, with various 'error messages.'  And, as you are probably aware, the Sears/Lowe's/Bestbuy warranties utilize local repair people (who are not proerly vetted, and see this as easy money.)  So an appointment is made for a home visit for the following week.  They visit the home, look at the error message, and then leave to order a part which takes a week to come.A week later, they're back out to your home (with the part) - 3 weeks with no machine, and 2 days of waiting around the house for a repairman.  And the machine will work for 6 months.  Sometimes the error message is the same.  Sometimes not.I would NOT buy this machine - or ANY machine made by Samsung in the near future!!!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:19:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57171067	I bought this dish washer when I moved in with my boyfriend about 2 years ago, and it worked fantastically for quite a while and I was really impressed and suggested it to many of my friends, however lately we have been smelling a burning smell coming from it, we thought maybe it was due to a clog and tried the tips suggested online and it seemed to be coming from where the motor was.  We took off the lid and can't see any reason for the smell, but it smells like burning wires or melting plastic.  I think the smell is coming from the motor.  I won't use it anymore because it's not worth the possible fire it is going to start.  It's a good washer, however I wouldn't say its durable... seeing as it only lasted 2 years.  I gave it 2 stars for 2 years :S 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:23:11	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
45246183	I have a small kitchen but a big dislike for doing dishes. This dishwasher was just the right size. It was easy to put the hoses and such together, and it cleans my dishes very nicely. The silverware basket had covers on it to keep the spoons from nesting, but my silverware handle have a flare on the end and would not fit in the opening. I took off the covers, and it works find, no nestiong issues. Only one thing I wonder about. it came with a tiny little basket hooked onto the cup rack, but nothing in the manuel metions it The tiny basket was in the way, so I remove it also. I have only run it a few times so far, but I really like it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:23:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20452267	I have owned a more upscale Bosch before and loved it.  Recently moved and bought a house with a relatively new Whirlpool that cleaned nothing, was loud and was too short to allow the upper arm to go around when my stone wear plates were in.  After multiple cleanings, etc i saw a Best Buy sale and went looking for another Bosch.  The options in store were not great and this was the low end choice.  No adjustable shelf.  I decided this wasn't' worth the $300 difference.  Didn't notice there was no rinse only cycle until reading the instructions after installation.  Decided to just live with it.  So, first load had dried on cheese, other assorted rinsed in the sink by teenager stuff.  Used the 'Auto' setting.  This works great and have not worried since.  Have only had for a short time but would buy it again.  Is deep enough for pots and pans and Have not tried to put the wine glasses in the upper rack yet to gauge height.  It works as well as the more expensive model I owned previously. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:23:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
60198574	I live in a small place, and I HATE doing dishes... especially silverware. When I saw this I had to have it.What they don't tell you, and what caused me to return it, is that the drain is gravity which means it needs to be at least sink high.Well, that didn't work for me because it wouldn't fit under my cabinets, and good luck trying to find a rolling cart that is counter high.I did 2 loads, neither of which I was impressed with. My dishes were not clean. However, I wouldn't write it off so easily since I didn't play around with soap amounts. Also, there is nowhere to put drying agents.I can say it was difficult to load... hardly anything fits like it seems it should.Thus, I give this a little better than nothing rating, but I took mine back and got an 18 Kenmore. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:23:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66540044	The dishwasher is great it works well and cleans the dishes well.  The only thing is that the hose fitting are not very durable so you have handle it with care.  Lastly it is pretty loud.  But  it definitely does what is suppose to! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:23:11	No Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
35667178	I bought this product over 10 years ago from ABT, and I own a building where I have many other models.  This one simply cleans better, and is quieter than any other brand on the market. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:23:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61109731	I live in an area with very hard water and did not want to purchase a whole-house softener.  Admittedly my old dishwasher was pretty old.  I use a non-phosphate detergent with this one and the results are still amazing (I do use a small amount of Cascade for the pre-wash).  No more film on glasses, and only a few spots on plastic containers.  It has a hard food disposer in the bottom and I usually just scrape, not rinse.  I've put in items with dried-on food and they come out clean.  It is nearly as quiet as a GE Profile I had (which I could not hear at all). You can hear it but it's very quiet overall.Like all of the newer models it has a long wash cycle.  Apparently that saves energy. I'm never in a hurry when I run it, so I always use the normal wash cycle.  It does contain a heating element (some newer models don't).  I use the Sani-Rinse cycle rather than heated dry.  It also goes through additional operation when it regenerates the softener and makes a few odd (but low-decibel) noises when it does.On top of its quiet and effective operation, loading it is easy.  The tines on the lower rack are spaced so that plates stacked one behind the other get clean.  The upper rack holds my wide-mouthed glasses and the raised wire bottom holds glasses apart from each other to prevent breakage. There are clips to secure items and a top flip-down to hold stemware in place.  The top rack position is adjustable, as are some tines on the top and bottom. It might hold slightly less than some other dishwashers, but I feel that ensures everything gets clean.  I run it once or twice a week and it holds plenty.As a busy professional, I appreciate that the dishwasher remembers everything for me.  Once you set cycle preferences, a press of the Resume button recalls the last-used preferences and pressing it again starts the cycle.  The dishwasher display indicates how long you can add a dish, reminds you when it's out of rinse agent, and when it needs salt (which lasts for several weeks depending on use).The flatware basket is sturdy and large.  It has a section at the front to hold tall cooking utensils and keep them from interfering with the arm.  The basket comes with plastic covers to insert flatware so that each piece is separated for the wash.  I removed them after the first couple of attempts because they won't hold their position in the basket (keep falling into it) and they're just unusable.  The controls are hidden on the top edge of the dishwasher and they are overly sensitive to touch (you get used to them).I still gave this model five stars because it cleans better than any other I have owned.Update 8 months later:  I still love this dishwasher.  I haven't missed the inserts in the flatware tray at all. I only use it once or twice a week and the first dose of salt lasted over six months.  Glasses are still sparkling and I've had no problems with the unit.  Be sure to wipe up any spilled salt (from refilling the dispenser) or puddles (there are virtually none in normal operation). So far I see no rust or discoloration from the presence of salt in the machine. There is no salty residue and no taste of it on the dishes which come out squeaky clean.Refilling the salt dispenser is easy and not prone to error.  A funnel is provided which you gradually pour into until the salt stops falling into the dispenser. Remove the funnel; the remaining salt in the funnel falls into the dispenser; wipe the threads in the dispenser and cap; replace the cap; wipe up any water or salt. Takes about 2 minutes. It's not as quiet as some models but it works so well you won't care.  And no, I don't work for these folks.  Just love the product. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:23:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67525623	I've had a Danby Countertop dishwasher for a couple of years now (mine was the model DDW396W). It worked pretty well until the plastic window came loose. This is apparently  common with these machines--Danby has instructions on their website on how to fix it. I glued the window back in with 3M Scotch-Seal Industrial Sealant 800 and the dishwasher is now back in use. I like this machine, I just wish it was more durable. Perhaps the newer DDW496W model is a little better built. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:23:54	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
42587559	This dishwasher did not work. We tried different kinds of dishwasher soap thinking that was the problem but nothing worked. It also took 3-4 hours to do one load of dishes. TERRIBLE!!!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:23:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47776829	We had purchased this product just before Thanksgiving 2011 because our previous dishwasher bit the dust.  It had worked flawlessly for about 6 months, and then the problems started.  The first repair was a fuse that we were told was prone to failure because you need to pre-heat the water by letting it run in the faucet so it lessened the work of the internal heater. (HUH???)  We were told this by a competent repair person. This repair person definitely knew his product well, and told us the impending issues, of which, to be aware.Three weeks after the repair, a new service call, and the main circuit board and fuse were replaced.One week after the repair, another new service call, and the main circuit board and fuse were replaced.One week after the repair, another new service call, and Pacific Sales decided that it was better to replace the dishwasher than repair again. The only bad issue is that we will be getting a 1-1 replacement, whatever that implies.  Pacific Sales is a very reputable place to purchase (as is Amazon.com) and I do recommend them.  They have been superb in their customer service.I do not recommend the Kitchenaid KUDS30IXBL 4 as the electronics have some serious longevity issues. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:23:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
65178163	We wanted a quiet dishwasher that produced good results at a decent price.We found the answer in this GE product.We've had this 6 months, now, and it is exactly what we wanted.Very quiet and efficient with 3 load choice settings or automatic load-size detection.Lots of room for even large stew/stock pots and big frying pans. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:36:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41162433	This dishwasher was exactly what I was looking for. It fits just enough to make it useful but doesn't take up much more space than a drying rack for hand-washing. It is very simple and easy to use. The set-up was quick and painless, I had it up and running within minutes. The normal and heavy cycles do take a very long time, but the gentle cycle takes less than an hour and if you rinse the dishes well before putting them in then the gentle cycle is perfect. The only thing that disappointed me about the dishwasher is that none of our small cups or mugs fit on the small upper rack, but it works good for other things such as spatulas, whisks, and our kids bowls, or you could even fold it up and out of the way it you don't want to use it. Overall this is very worth the price paid for it and it made a perfect christmas present for my wife. PS-don't forget to turn the water off and release the pressure before disconnecting the hose . . . 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:36:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
75915060	I too had similar porblems with the control panel.  Just a little over a year into using the dishwasher the control panel stopped working.  After replacing the control panel the first year, the same problem happended again at year 2.  I am at year 3 now ready to replace again.  if the control panel could stay functional, this would be a great dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:36:42	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
63707932	Well, we wanted a quiet dishwasher to replace the 18-yr old KitchenAid that must have been original with the house.  It was very loud and not well insulated.  With a Kitchen that opens to the living room that was a problem.  So, I set about doing research to find the most quiet dishwasher for the money.  The LDF7932ST seemed to fit the bill, and I was impressed when we ran it for the first time.  Could not even tell is was running, when standing right next to it!  We even took advantage of the energy efficiency and purchased the unit with a SECO grant through the state (saved us $80, I think).  So we got the unit for about $800 installed.  This was in April of 2010.  Suddenly, within the last month, the unit started making a grinding noise which has progressively worsened to the point is sounds like a little man on a motorbike is running the rinse cycle!  I am assuming from other reviews and some postings on YouTube, that the motor will need to be replaced.  Being over a year old, but under two, the labor will be on us, but the part should be covered.We placed a call to LG to schedule service, but they have required that we go through Sears, since that is where we bought it.  We will see what happens when the diagnosis is complete.  More to come later... 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:36:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
35087792	Had a Bosch Dishwasher that was about 9 years old.  The Bosch control unit failed so we had to either spend a small fortune to get it repaired or we had to replace it.  Since it was 9 years old we decided to replace it.  Upon the recommendation of several sales people and several reviews online, we decided on this Kitchenaide.  Don't care for the rack system much but figured we'd get used to it over time.  We do like the overall style as it looks great in our contemporary kitchen.  What we're not at all happy with is the sound!  This unit is rated at 49 decibels and yet it's MUCH louder then our previous Bosch that was rated at 54 decibels.  I found out after purchasing the Kitchenaide that there is no universal standard for reported decibel ratings.  What this really means is you can't trust the manufacturers sound ratings.  I have a decibel meter and this Kitchenaide tips the scale at 59 decibels!!  That's a lot louder then advertised!  It's a dishwasher...and yes...all dishwashers make some noise...but this one is much louder then advertised and is not worth the extra $$. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:36:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
75131113	This is an excellent for those like me who cannot afford everything stainless steel.I love the look and was not difficult to apply.The item arrived promptly and was pacaged very well.I .over the look and will recommend to all of my friends. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:37:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58186694	Like another reviewer, I'm puzzled by the very negative reviews of Bosch washers. I took Consumer Reports' word for it, and bought this one.  So far, I have only done a couple of loads, but I can say:1. it washes well.  It even got stains out of the bottom of my teapot.2. it is extremely quiet--useful if your TV is in the room next to your kitchen.3. it is attractive.  I don't see any part of it looking cheap, as some reviewers do.4. The stainless steel interior does have a smell, but it's more or less a new car smell, not a displeasing one.However,1. the interior does seem a bit small, and it can be tricky to load because of the angled tines set close together.2. it's a little narrower (about a half inch) than my old Whirlpool.  It comes with rubber wings or gaskets on the side that can spread out to fill the opening built into your cupboards, but it would look nicer if it fit perfectly.3. you must always have rinse agent in it every time you run it.  The dishes turn out beautifully if you do, so I'm not really complaining about that.4. it has filters that have to be emptied and rinsed regularly (which I haven't done yet).That's all I can say so far.  I'll update if any other problems emerge. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:37:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52813212	This item is worth the money!! I hate doing dishes and have a very small kitchen! Was a little heavy...how ever that is why god made men...AM I RIGHT?!? Haha but seriously if you are thinking about it and have the money then do it! You won't be sorry!!It also arrived very fast I was surprised!! It came 4 days before the delivery date!! Wow!! The box is huge but I'm guessing that's for protection! :) very happy about my purchase!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:37:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65816709	Kay is correct. Same old story.We also have a new home choosing what we thought was the better dishwasher and just hate it. It runs for 1 1/2 hrs, does not clean and is a mess to try and change the nasty filter all the time. Bowls and plates fall over and nothing stacks evenly.Because it was new I talked my wife into trying it for a while thinking we were doing something wrong. Nope, just a piece of pretty junk. She rinses the dishes by hand first, runs the water in the sink to get it good and hot and the dishes still come out dirty.We will be offering it for free to someone who does not have one only after we tell them about all the problems with it. It is so new I hate to haul it to the dump. Anyone want it for parts it would be free. It is only 6 months old what a shame.It was purchased at Lowes. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:37:48	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23551416	I recently moved into an apt without a dishwasher. After checking the reviews I decided to give this small one a try. Got it from Amazon because it was cheaper and I trust them. It is one of the best purchases I have made. Dishes are very clean,  the machine is quiet, and my sink is empty. I have it on a microwave cart but it would fit on the counter just fine. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:37:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31767211	As someone who hates doing dishes, this is the best $240 I have spent in a very very long time. I wish I had done it sooner. Pretty easy to set up (and I'm not technically inclined at all!), all the thinking I had to do was figure out that I needed to remove a small part of my faucet (so that I could screw in the connector). It seems to use a small amount of water, definitely less than I used when handwashing. Worth every penny. And for those that say it is loud? Mine is not at all. Besides, to me, hearing a dishwasher cleaning dishes is like music to my ears. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:40:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43330989	Really gets those dishes, cups, glasses and flatware clean!  Excellent performance on pots, pans and casserole dishes too.  It has a lot more room inside than I expected, and I only have to run it every other day (family of two).  The unit is lightweight enough that this grannie can push it to the sink with ease.  It was easy to get out of the shipping container, and the directions to operate it are thorough.  What a joy! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:40:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64218807	I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Danby!  It does exactly what I bought it for; it washes dishes while only taking up a small space.Loading it in the most efficient way can be a challenge, but you figure it out quickly.  Buttons are easy to navigate (I figured them out with a quick browse of the Instructions). It came with a scoop to measure the correct amount of detergent.I rinse (just rinse..)my dishes, hook up the hose and I'm off enjoying my time.I've had my Danby (that's what we call it, like a butler) for over 6 months. I use it daily, twice on holidays, and it handles my family of fives dishes like a pro!However, if you feel like you need a super-powerful dishwasher with labels for every feature... this isn't for you.  That would require a portable dishwasher, and takes more space.I would buy another one in a second, and I regret not getting one sooner. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:40:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66200486	Replaced a 12 yr old Bosch that wasn't advancing from one cycle to the next...Cost to replace part was $250 + who knows what else was worn out?Was a little apprehensive about getting a lower end model, but so far so good...very quiet! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:40:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
7250108	We liked the quiet wash cycle but the motor went out in the first six months and we had to wait 3 months for a replacement part.  Lower racks would not support heavy dishes and kept unhooking from bar.  We can't wash heavy dishes on the bottom shelf because of this. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:40:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47926917	I bought this to use when I entertain so I can spend time with my guests instead of washing dishes.  I still haven't had an entire load of dishes all come clean after 6 months of occasional use.The casters are horrible.  My husband replaced them with a set that would actually roll because I couldn't move it to the sink. The casters refused to change direction.The hard food disposer is a joke.  After 4 or 5 uses, I had to have a service call because the water wouldn't drain out of the unit.  The hose was clogged with 3 whole elbow macaroni.  So what happened to the disposer?Sometimes there's still detergent left in the cup at the end of the cycle.This is not the first dishwasher I've had but it will be the last GE. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:41:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51694540	I'm renting a house and annoyingly this part was missing from our dishwasher. I thought it was an unrelated problem but every time you opened the dishwasher door, it would drip water on the floor. It's clear from the state of the linoleum on that portion of the floor its been occur for a very long time. A few cycles after replacing this part, the leak has stopped and I can open the door without getting water on my feet! Plus my dishes actually get clean because I can use rinse aid.Shipping was quick and the part was packed safely. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:41:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	No	not quantifiable	false
20792319	I was surprised to find only 3 one star reviews for this dishwasher on this site.  My experience is that the Samsung DMT300 does an excellent job with a full load and the dishes come out sparkling clean and dry when using the sani cycle  and rinse agent.  Without the sani cycle the dishes are fairly dry, about the same my previous Maytag washer on air dry.  There is a fan that comes on in the dry cycle that helps the drying process. The residual heat from the wash cycle assists drying and the dishes are still warm at the end. If there is any moisture left it will soon be gone after leaving the door open for a few minutes.  The only con I can see is that there is no wash and hold cycle.  I like the smooth surface on the top edge of the door which tends to accumulate spills vs. the push buttons located there on integrated units.  Another plus is the ability to remove a large section of dish tangs on the lower rack to make room for larger pans which would otherwise ride on top of the tangs. This unit requires at least 40 1/8 inches under counter so verify you have it before purchasing. Some other brands will fit is less space.  Finally the unit is very quiet and does not interfere with speech in the kitchen.  Some units have noise rating like 60 db which would be the same as eight of these 51 db units running side by side.  For more reviews check the stainless exterior version of this washer.After writing this I ran some small loads on the quick cycle without sani and it does a fantastic job in much less time.  It's actually better than rinse and hold. When you are done the dishes are clean and can be put away. It seemed like a little more dampness so I left the door open for cool down. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:41:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50872647	We received this dishwasher as a Christmas gift. It has been over six months and the washer is still working as well as it did day one! Washing dishes is the one chore that the two of us cannot stand, and in our tiny apartment kitchen, dishes pile up quickly. The washer is the perfect size. We load and run it almost every other night. We can even fit smaller pots and pans in with some loads. Excellent product, worth the price! My one recommendation would be to use jet dry rather than off brand rinse aid, it makes a lot of difference... But other than that, we love our dishwasher! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:41:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47346253	I have a small appartment and its perfect. There is only three in my house myself included and a large dishwasher would have been over kill but this one is great and perfect for cleaning the baby bottles and smaller items.Its cycle time is a little bit longer then i would have thought it to be but my electricty bill has not icreased...all in all love it 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:41:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
20201788	We owned our first Fisher  Paykel about 8 years ago and loved it, no real problems at all. It had handles that curved out from the drawers and the unit worked excellent.Then 3 years ago we bought this model and both handles have cracked (after warranty expired) so with some convincing FP; paid for the parts and we paid the labor of $120 but after one year the handles are breaking again. They are poorly designed and extremely flimsy (When it brand new I noticed they felt really cheap) but FP; said we must be applying excessive force even though we were not, even with being extremely gentle on the replacements they broke also. Plus both rinse aids have failed, we replaced one for $70 which didn't fix the problem so both do not work. Now the top drawer has a fault code on every wash that is false, nothing is actually wrong, but we have to hit start a second time in the wash cycle.We still love the two drawer concept and when brand new FP; does a superb job of washing, is whisper quiet and the drawer concept is the best.  Sadly they are not made well and prior to this our builder only offered a Kitchenaid drawer dishwasher which we tired but the dishes never dried and came out smelly no matter what we did so they refunded our money minus the removal fee which was fair.11/13/2013 UPDATEThey have offered to replace both handles and pay the labor (even though the second handles broke soon).  We have requested that they also fix both rinse aids and the error code for no charge.  It has been two weeks and we are waiting for their decision.Al StevensNY 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:43:34	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62512702	We love it, cleans very good, runs very quite, it dries the dishes real well and it looks nice, it was very easy to install 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:43:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35987157	I bought this item without doing any research after my old Whirlpool died after 13 years of faithful service.Even before I picked it up I had a bad feeling, mainly because of where it was manufactured, but it looked good and was priced right.When the FIRST one arrived right away I noticed a problem.  The door was bent, and off by about 1/4 of an inch and so would not open.  Two days later a replacement arrived and the door worked, but we later discovered that the input gasket was not quite circular and so the elbow fitting would not fit into it without a leak.  Even with teflon tape there would be a leak.  So I gave up.  Returned the item and will never ever buy a Samsung product again unless it is made in Korea.In short, poor build quality, not worth 1 star.  Avoid at all costs you will really be unhappy. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:43:34	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
32183936	I purchased this machine for our office because our cleaning company was charging us extra to wash coffee mugs and we thought this would ultimately save us money.  While it does clean the glasses and coffee mugs, it certainly doesn't dry anything.  We still have to use paper towels to dry them.  When I spoke with the company's customer service department, the rep explained that once the dishwasher completed its cycle, we could pop the door open a little and then the dishes would get dry within an hour or so.  Seriously?  I'm still thinking about returning the product, but would not recommend it to anyone. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:43:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	consider drying to be a feature vs. a cleanliness complaint	false
60506710	*Updated - See below*Do not buy this machine, or any other Danby product for that matter, because their customer service is nonexistent.I owned my Danby Portable dishwaser for about 6 months before my latch broke and the wash cycle therefore would not start. I live in Hartford, CT, and I called ALL of the service centers listed on Danby's website in CT and they either stopped working on Danby products (which I will address later), or they would not travel to Hartford, or they would not return my phone call.After a week of waiting for a return call from the messages I left, I decided to call customer service and they actually gave me a service phone number that would come out to look at my machine and repair it.After the repairman looked at the machine he told me that he needed to order a part for it. A week later I called the service center and they stated that the part that I needed was on backorder for 4 weeks.I called Danby customer service and stated that it was unacceptable that I should have to wait 4 more weeks for my dishwasher to be available for use. They told me that it was not their responsibility and to return it to the place that I bought it. I called the retailer and they stated that they had neverheard that before and that they would call Danby and verify this statement. I called the reteiler a week later and they said that they had left several messages and Danby never returned one call!!!After this I relunctantly realized that I would have to wait until the part came in. A full 6 weeks after the initial service visit I called the service provider. they stated that they have not receieved the part yet and that they severed their relationship with Danby because of the extremely poor customer service, parts backordered, etc..... but they would honor their commitment to me whenever the part came in.The convenience of this portable dishwasher is dwarfed by the incompetence of Danby's customer support. I will never purchase another Danby product again, nor will I ever recommend one to anyone else. I will however, make it a point, that if someone ever mentions the Danby name to me again, to ensure that they walk away from the conversation feeling exactly the same way about Danby that I currently do.**UPDATE**Ok, after I finally got so fed up that I called Danby again. And, to my surprise the woman that took my call actuallly listened to my story and told me that she was sorry and that she would get a replacement machine to me right away. The machine came in 3 business days and they took away the broken one.The whole experience that I went through with this machine has been less than memorable. Although the machine works very well and the fact that it was eventually replaced still does not overcome the grief that I was put through by Danby's customer service. The fact that there was one good apple in a basket of rotten ones does not change my mind that this machine and all Danby poroducts should be avoided due to lack of customer service. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:43:34	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
39967217	No complaints like other reviewers.  We love the dishwasher and no issue fitting our dishes in.  The silverware rack can be a bit crazy, but we open the compartment and throw the silverware in the slots like our previous washer.  It is quiet, takes a lot longer to clean but cleans well, and it looks nice.  We do not experience buildup of gunk in it or the mold that others have complained about.  The one complaint we do have, the wheels on the rack.  We pull the rack out and every time we have trouble pushing it back in.  It seems that the wheels could be a little larger to help guide the rack back in easily.  Otherwise, it has been a great dishwasher for us. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:47:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
79248705	I had the same problem as others. The repair service got the leak kit, replaced the computer board, etc. Finally, the 3rd or 4th visit, he ordered a sensor (which he didn't understand wasn't part of the leak sensing kit), and it's been working for about 5 months straight now. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:47:00	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21343452	I purchased this 8 months ago to replaced an el cheapo unit from costco which came with the house we bought. Having a well and very hard water, there wasn't so many dishwasher which has built in water softener, Many of the German units do(including Bosch)  I can't recall why i picked this over the Bosch but I've been very happy with it.  The racks are very flexible and are painted over stainless steel, which means when the paint does chip off the trays, you won't see rust. how cool is that?  So far, it's consumed 1 box of salt in about 7 months. I've experimented with a few detergents, so far the electrosol brand with the ball in the middle works best, but I'll try another brand later.  There are a few grips i have to say.  There is a 1 digit numeric LED on the front and a bunch of led lights for status, The only time the LED numbers show up is when you use the dishwasher with the delay feature which is to me pointless because this thing is so freaking quiet.  programming the amount of salt  rinse aid is abit of a joke, going back to the numeric led. instead of giving you the actual number, you have to count on the number of blinks on the led status light! wow. silly very silly.As for advertising the reprogrammability of the unit - I'm not sure why they'd even need this, it's not exactly HDMI where the standards keep revolving. it's a freaking dishwasher. ;)  @ 1500 dollars it's a hard purchase for us, but it's been pretty good so far. If you have hard water, rather then buy an all home water softener, you can buy this dishwasher or some of the Bosche/Thermodor(same company).  I couldn't find a US made dishwasher which has that built in, otherwise  i would have gotten a GE or Maytag.  Overall great unit, very quiet.  it runs while we watch tv, no issue at all.  My last unit before we moved was a maytag, it was pretty noisy, i always timed it to run at 5 or 6 am in the morning so I wouldn't have to hear it clunking away. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:47:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33723865	I lasted 3 years without a dishwasher but it was driving me nuts. Our kitchen is tiny so we got this EdgeStar countertop dishwasher. We might have got the Danby but it's only available in white and all our kitchen is black/silver so we got the EdgeStar.Had to go to the store to get an adapter to make this work with my type of faucet... no big deal. Plugged it in and it will work for up to ten minutes before shutting off and noting E1, error message 1 taking too long to fill up with water which is likely a water pressure issue.I don't have any method to change the water pressure in my home so must return. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:47:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
20160822	Besides the door falling apart when we tried to open it the machine leaked. We made four attempts to get GE to fix the door and they had numerous excuses why they never showed up.  Also the stainless on the inside is manufactured poorly and was warped when it arrived. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:47:00	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
26432710	This machine is super quiet and is extremely easy to install. The machine height can be adjusted from the front by turning one screw. I give it 4 stars because it doesn't have a dry cycle  and the manual doesn't tell you how to operate the child lock.  It cleans dishes well and the third rack is great. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:51:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86658782	We are very happy with this dishwasher.  The adjustable racks are great when loading tall dishes on the bottom rack.  It is quiet (we can watch tv in the next room with it running and we don't even notice).  It cleans the dishes well.  It is energy efficient.  The control panel is user friendly.  We have had the dishwasher 8 months with no issues. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:51:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32548631	This was a replacement for an ASKO (Swedish) dishwasher that stopped working after less than one year of use. Unfortunately it had been installed in the house three years ago thus was out of warranty. And frankly, I wanted to replace the ASKO anyway. Compared to the KitchenAid the ASKO feels flimsy and has less capacity for dishes, while costing about the same. Also, the ASKO was very noisy by comparison. The KitchenAid is a pleasure to use and doesn't create splashing noises. I'm no handyman but with a couple hours work I was able to install it without assistance. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:51:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
80834311	Bought from elsewhere online and saved a couple hundred after 10% energy star discount and 10% military discount.  It took two weeks to arrive and be delivered (free), but my husband still got it installed for me by Mother's Day (today).  If you are wondering what -44dBA sounds like, it is super quiet.  Now when I walk into the kitchen and the dishwasher is running, it sounds like I have a pot of water gently boiling on the stove.  My previous dishwasher was a typical basic model that came with our house when it was built.  It was so loud, we had to stop the dishwasher if we wanted to watch a movie after dinner.  Now I can hear the leaves rustling on the trees outside, and everything else - AWESOME!  Installation was relatively straight forward (saved a hundred by doing it ourselves), once we figured out how to get the door open (pull HARD) so we could get our hands on the installation instructions and all of the hose accessories.[...] website has some good info you may want to check-out before making your final decision on this dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:51:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37414055	Which is that I HATE to wash dishes by hand. This little washer does a good job for the price. Of course it's small and fitting dishes inside is a bit of a jigsaw puzzle. But they come out clean!My unit arrived unblemished and in excellent condition. The carton is VERY HEAVY but if you unpack the washer and remove the dishrack, it's much more portable. The interior compartment is made from two pieces of steel which are caulked together. There were three small patches with no visible caulk, so as a precaution I added a small amount of silicone sealant to those areas. So far no leaks.If I could fault anything it's the faucet adapter. I have a standard Delta faucet and no matter how tightly I wrench the adapter into it, it still has a fast drip when connected to the washer hoses under pressure. (Yes, I used Teflon tape.) The drip adds up to a considerable amount of waste over the course of a 90-minute washer cycle. In addition, the adapter does a poor job of aeration so my tap tends to splatter more now. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:51:33	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
81077783	Seems much less powerful than the full size Kenmore dishwashers I am used to. Leaks from the bottom sometimes. The dinnerware pictured is micro-sized, so expect this to be smaller than you are imagining. The silverware caddy seems entirely impractical. Might work well if your pre-wash everything. Doesn't handle dried-on food, even on the longest #34;pots-and-pans#34; setting. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:52:51	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
51500588	This dishwasher works well.  Quiet and cleans the dishes thoroughly.  Great deal for the money.  And, we received it within 3 days of placing the order here on Amazon.... We used Amazon Prime free shipping.  The drivers delivered the dishwasher into the kitchen and placed it where I wanted it.  I highly recommend this machine. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:52:51	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25006211	We have had nothing but troubles with this dishwasher. At the time we remodeled our kitchen in 2010, this model was just coming out as a replacement for previous models. We had to wait a good while; we wish it had NEVER arrived. Error codes, terrible drying, constant need to reset tripped breaker, etc. We bought a counter-depth Samsung Refrigerator and a range with convection oven feature. Both are great! The BEST thing we bought, however, was the 4 year major appliance warranty which, coupled with the one year mfg. warranties, gives us 5 years of protection on said items. I respect Samsung and know they will take care of our dishwasher problem. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:52:51	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
34587512	This sounded like a wonderful dishwasher with lots of great features at a great price point. It worked just fine for 3 weeks then started retaining water after washing and the sound the pump made changed. GE sent a technician to check it out and he plugged in his computer and checked the error codes. He said the pump works fine, so nothing wrong that he could tell. The only thing he could suggest was possible the drain hose was too long. He also explained that this is an entirely new type of dishwasher that functions on only 0.8 gallons of water and senses the dirt in the water. The hose was shorter then our old dishwasher, but we went ahead and shortened it as much as physically possible. It didn't help at all and the dishwasher continued to retain water after a wash. Then we had another problem, the tub filled and leaked out the seals all over my kitchen floor. I can tell you, without a doubt, this dishwasher uses more then 0.8 gallons. It dumped at least a gallon on my kitchen floor and retained another 3 gallons inside that I had to manually remove. I expect when buying a brand new dishwasher to have no problems, and now with 2 problems, I was done with it. If it has thins many issues when it's less than 3 months old I can't imagine after a few years. Home Depot initially would not take the dishwasher back without approval from GE. GE wanted to send another technician, and then offered an exchange. I was very reluctant to exchange it with the same model, it seems clear it's too new of a model that the bugs have not been worked out yet. There was a lot of fiasco to get this item returned. 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:52:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
72294358	Hello...We have had this product for 16 months now (7-8-13)worked fine until two days ago...won't start. reset the control panel but only can get all lights to light up and nothing else..called Maytag and got some ridiculous quote for a repair man to check out the problem for $125...plus parts and labor... a control panel is $125 and the circuit board is $142 and return repair visit after parts arrive is another $125 ! No help from Maytag because it is out of warrenty and I did not get the additional protection plan...I can't see repairing this POS after 16 months to see it failing again.  Don't buy this Model and stay away from Maytag....No help support line for DYI's...Just a money grabing Company....JMO...I'll buy another brand and hope for a better Product.Just disapointed because my last Dishwasher lasted 24 years! 	agilay	10-26-2015 19:52:51	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
66509683	This product has been great! Quiet, and gets the job done! Cooked Thanksgiving dinner for 6 people and all of our dishes fit in one load(minus pots and pans). It's been an incredible buy. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:58:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40589182	On the normal wash mode this washer runs a long time(approx. 2 hrs)  does NOT dry dishes very well. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:58:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	time and drying considered separate complaints	false
42778619	This was perfect for what we needed - small, low volume and works every time. I found it cheaper at an appliance site in NJ and they delivered for free..shop around. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:58:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64261235	The Bosch SHE68E15UC is virtually silent in operation. The built-in water softener really works with our hard well water. The fingerprint resistant stainless steel front is great. The display is excellent and informative. The various cycle selections are versatile. The auto-sense wash adjustment time works fine. The half-load works even in the pot scrub mode. The water and energy usage is the lowest on the market. And the 24/7 water protection with automatic shut-off at the water source can prevent a flood even when you're away.Oh yeah...Our dishes and glassware have never been as sparkling clean as they come out of this dishwasher. The in-line water heater regulates the water temperature as needed for the cycle in use. The dishes are dry after the cycle is complete and we keep the door closed for an hour or so.The dishware tines in the lower rack might be a little close together for some shaped plates, but not for the old and new style of dinnerware we own. Tall wine glasses fit fine in the height adjustable middle rack. The upper cutlery tray safely holds a full dinner party of silverware and keeps everything separate and easy to unload.Get it? We love this dishwasher! Really, this is a wonderful dishwasher...the best dishwasher we have ever had.Update on 1/1/2010: I just re-read my review and came to the conclusion that my enthusiasm for this dishwasher might imply that I work for Bosch. That is not the case. I am in no way connected to the appliance industry. I'm just a happy Bosch SHE68E15UC owner.Update on 1/14/2010: We originally used Somat (Miele) brand Dishwasher Salt for the built-in water softener in our Bosch SHE68E15UC. An entire 2.66 lb. (1.2 Kg) box of Somat salt lasted for about one month. I have the Bosch set for the highest water softening level because our well water has 35 grains of hardness (600 milligrams/gallon). Using a $9 box of Somat salt per month would be too costly, so I decided to switch to the considerably lower cost Morton System Saver II salt sold in a 40 lb bag for only $6. The System Saver II salt is processed 100% pure salt and is supplied in a pellet size that easily flows through the filling funnel provided with the Bosch dishwasher.Cargill's Diamond Crystal Pellets with Softener Care(tm) Formula will work just as well as the Morton System Saver II Salt Pellets. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:58:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37500380	I had it for a month and loved it except when it overflowed twice. Then it died completely.  Per the instructions I returned the power cord cut from the dead unit along with a bar code to get my replacement washer sent to me.  Washer was never sent and because I had already sent my proof of purchase to the company (apparently I was supposed to xerox it in case) they would do nothing for me.On the other hand it is several inches thinner than competing brands and I appreciated that. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 19:58:47	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes	overflow/leak complaint unclear of component cause, D/W dying considered separate component failure/complaint	false
43376905	Our Samsung DMR78AHS dishwasher is almost 2 years old and has been leaking and making grinding sounds for quite sometime.  The upper rotating sprayer fell off after about a year, which is about the same composition and quality of a bottle of Sams Club water.  Now it's stopped working entirely.  I suspect that pieces of the washer came apart and the drain pump is chewing on the parts, jamming it up.  This piece of trash is self destructing and trying to unsuccessfully digest itself the best I can tell.  Disassembled to check it out and all the O-ring seals have swelled 1.5 times beyond the point of the original size and reuse because a suitable rubber wasn't specified.  This is product is an insult to consumers.  When you start really getting inside the workings of this thing it's hard to imagine it could last more than a couple years. I'll never purchase another Samsung product again because of this. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:00:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
41184834	We purchased our dishwasher two years ago (Model MDBH955AWB).  After thirteen months of ownership the control panel failed and, of course, was no longer under warranty. The replacement panel(repair cost $266) began showing signs of failure six months after repair and finally it, too, has failed.  When searching the net, I've found other have had the same problem.  This product is a piece of junk. I am replacing it today.  I will never buy another Maytag product. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:00:11	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
91102560	Wow, do I love this dishwasher!  It is ultra-quiet, as other reviews have mentioned.  When the installer hooked it up, he told me he thought he was all finished and ready to go.  I said, Wait, I want to make sure it works and he responded Ma'am, its running now.  Love the fact that you can adjust the racks easily (both height and the prongs) and move the silverware trays around.  One note:  the Bosch dishwashers are factory programmed for an annoying beep when the wash cycle finishes.  Based on reviews across the internet, this is true of all Bosch dishwashers.  The manual contains nothing about adjusting the beep.  However, I did manage to locate some on-line documentation from Bosch that allowed me to discontinue the beep (you can also adjust the volume on the beep).  That website is [...] to get directions on adjusting the beeping. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:00:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
58100686	We bought this dishwasher because we have been happy with Kitchenaid products in the past, this one crashes that belief on the rocks. As consumers buying items such as this infrequently places us at a disadvantage unless we share experiences on sites such as this. To be an expert today one must be involved daily and cars, dishwashers, mortgages and a slew of other things make such a list.This dishwasher does not clean dishes, uses too much energy and water. The dishes are never truly dry when we go to put them away. I've taken to opening the dishwasher door, jiggling the upper and lower rack and leaving the door open for a couple of hours before putting them away.On the positive side, the dishwasher is quiet. All well and good, I'd prefer a lot of noise and less of the negatives.The rack could have been designed by Marquis de Sade with all the grooves, angles that, no doubt, fit the dishes they used in the mock up. Unfortunately, the dishes we own are not the same design. The racks are intended to slant the dishes to the water dispersal jets, however, the loading and unloading is complicated by the designer's intention.Think again before buying this Kitchenaid. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:00:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37819818	We purchased one for our house boat.  I installed it, with help, in the location of the stove we never used.  We started using it this spring and it works great.  We do not have to use paper products any more, we do not like to wash dishes when we are at the lake.  I would like to find a kit to direct connect it to the water line and drain line, but i have been unable to find one on line.  The product was well packaged, shipping was prompt and it is everthing discribed in the product details.  All of the other reviews I read convinced me also.Thank you for reading my review. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:00:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36610279	I had this machine for 5 years. I am rarely home and use it at the most once a week. It broke several times. Other companies give similar appliances several years warranties, but Fisher and Paykel only one. Customer service is unfriendly. If you need a repair you need to get a report from a third party first.Overall unreliable product and terrible customer service.I would have given Zero stars if I could 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:06:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
84933659	A horrible idea from the day we got it. SO poorly designed that plates and bowls do not stand up but lay on each other so nothing gets clean. The lid to the detergent box does not open so just don't close it! The dry cycle is ridiculously long and makes the #34;normal#34; cycle 4  freeeking hours long, and then they are not clean OR dry. BUT the real kicker was that the plastic vent covers on the inside of the front of the drawer broke almost immediately, allowing water into the inside of the drawer front which drained all over my kitchen floor. I found the lake an hour later and by that time it had gotten thru to the subfloor and raised all of my laminate. Our went from the kitchen into the dining and living room one direction, and down the hall in the other and they don't make it anymore, so we couldn't just replace part!  I turned it into my homeowners, paid the 1000 deductible, and replaced all the flooring. The Sears repair came out, told me he agreed that todays appliances are crap and ordered new vent covers. After a month of doing dishes, we installed them I began using the dishwasher again and GUESS what! Still leaking! Hands down the worst idea ever! Who designs this stuff. It's as bad as the front mammoth front loading washers with the gooky rubber seal that grows mold and makes the clothes stink OR the new washers with no agitator, clothes come out stinky and so twisted up and tied together that I have to wrestle them apart to get them in the dryer. If you have vintage appliances KEEP THEM! I called Kitchenaid and the just blew me off. No such thing as customer service anymore. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:06:13	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17522301	Lifesaver.  When I say I don't like doing dishes, I mean it.  I moved into a small apartment on the beach 2 years ago... great location, but no dishwasher.This little guy gets the job done, and has plenty of room for 2 or 3 settings of 2-3 people.  Have had it almost 4 months, use it almost everyday and no problems to date. Cleans all the dishes and kitchenware extremely well.  For around $200, it was a steal! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:06:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
15301221	High load capacity, wonderful third rack for long utensils. Quietest machine I have ever owned. Well built should be the last one I will ever need. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:06:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32696482	we used to have the best dishwasher ever, quiet, cleaned anything and everything, no rinsing etc and after 15 years my 7 year old finally managed to jamb something in the pump where I couldn't get at it.I looked at a lot of dishwashers because the basic requirements for me are internal food disposal, pots and pans cycle and water heat. I was amazed at how many more expensive units didn't have all of those features. All in all this dishwasher works really well except the dish layout is a little frustrating. It is made to hold a 12 piece dinner place setting. If you aren't loading a 12 piece dinner place set the tines are too close together if you don't over load it it cleans pretty well with an occasional item that doesn't get everything.The silverware bins are truly annoying but if once you figure out that loading silverware in like groups, all spoons together for example, the it is easier to load and unload otherwise the utensils get stuck on the flap and well...  also don't put any forks or knives too close to the soap dispenser of they might block it from opening.One really nice feature with kids is that you can lock the control panel so they can't start and stop it just by hitting button ( we have had that happen plenty of times )the water temp is not as hot as my old unit, hence why it does not get as clean. Also the heated dry tends to create condensation when it is done so if you don't take them out and get third degree burns then they are wet when you do particularly plastic items.this dishwasher is also very quiet. In fact on occasion if there is some noise in the room, sometimes I am not sure it started.one more advantage I almost forgot is the rack height that is one other place It does have my old unit beat you can put really large stuff in the bottom without interfering with the spray arm.So all in all compared to a dishwasher I would have given a 5 and bought again if they still made it I give this one a 4. If they made the racks less complicated and the water temperature hotter then I would have said goodbye to the old one happily. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:06:13	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47271090	I bought this to use as initial washer for cleaning metal instruments.  We run this maybe 2 -3 x's per day everyday for nearly the past 4 years.  IT HAS NEVER FAILED.  I really don't want to jinks myself, but I thought that such a reliable and flawless device should be commended.  Honestly that is all I have to say about this.  No I do not work for this company. I don't even know if this is available anymore.  I will check after I submit this.Update: Hate to report, this item is no longer available on Amazon.  God I hate that, hope it don't never break!!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:10:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44446846	This is the finest dishwasher rinse aid cap that I have ever purchased.Installation so easy, my 5 year old could do it. In fact, he did. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:10:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
34415513	Bought this dishwasher at the Great Indoors as a closeout and it is the best cleaning with the best rack design and the quietest of any dishwasher I have ever owned (or installed).  I have owned and installed all major brands.  The last was a high end Kitchenaid that cleaned well but was always breaking down.  The racks on this GE slide effortlessly and are easily adjustable.  The 45 oz automatic soap dispenser is great.  But the best feature is the extra fan which runs for up to 90 minutes after the cycle is complete.  We use to set our plastic utensils and glasses on a towel to dry but this feature removes 99% of the water that always seems to stay on top of plastic dishes.  I highly recommend this dishwasher but shop around for the best price.  Sounds like the previous reviewer may not have installed the dishwasher incorrectly as proper installation especially of the drain line is key to cleaning performance of any dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:10:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45654426	This product is simple, it is very easy to use and it is absolutely perfect for my one bedroom apartment! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:10:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31407266	Maytag intentionally makes their troubleshooting guide confusing (I have an engineering degree and work with tech docs all the time).  Their web site is rude, demanding personal information just to tell you if the product has been recalled.  It tells you a lot about their attitude to the consumer post purchase.  If you but this you will need to replace it within 2 years. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:10:43	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	review mentions troubleshooting and a 2 yr lifespan, which implies a complaint, but does not specify a defective component	false
59044134	Wow, purchased this dishwasher about 2 weeks ago, and to date can honestly say it is the BEST appliance I have ever owned.  My 4 year old Kenmore which I paid over $1,000.00 for never cleaned my dishes completely (even after multiple service calls)and was very loud - had to go bye bye Kenmore Hello Bosch.  This Bosch although it is not rated as the quietest in the line is amazingly quiet...I forget that I have started the dishwasher at all. Has a strainer at the bottom which catches all the large debris and is easy to remove and clean. The dishes come out clean every time and it is very easy to operate.  After this purchase I will definitely make BOSCH my new appliance of choice for all my household needs. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:12:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86946519	I've had this dishwasher for over two years now and I don't know how I got along without it for two reasons:1) I live in a small cramped apartment in Manhattan, and2) I'm a guy and HATE doing dishes. I live by myself so I mostly use it for glasses and the occasional plates and silverware (I tend to cook very little as well).Before I got my Haier dishwasher, dishes would sit in my sink for days... it was disgusting and I still had no motivation to wash them. With this little miracle I was the dishes as soon as it filled up, it is pretty quick though can be noisy (I actually installed in the cupboard above the sink so it cuts down on the noise, but what do you expect... its a dishwasher, they are notorious for being noisy). It also has three was settings (rinse, normal, and heavy scrub... the air dry is worthless and I always turn it off. The dishes dry faster with the door open and rack pulled out). Its simple to use, effectively and saves me the time and hassle of doing the dishes manually. After two years of heavy use it has proven that it can stand up to some abuse. If it ever breaks (which I hope it doesn't) I will certainly buy another one. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:12:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
83006707	I've owned this dishwasher over three months now and have only good things to say about it.  I'm going to attempt to cover all aspects on this dishwasher and address issues some people have had.This dishwasher replaced a 10 year old Whirlpool.  I had many of the same cycles on my Whirlpool as this does, except the half load cycle.  My silverware basket attached to the door, so I had plenty of room in the bottom rack for dishes and plates.  I spent almost $800 on this dishwasher at the time.I read my manual on this dishwasher over 20 times to really understand how it operates. This dishwasher operates differently and if you're not open to doing things differently; then you should probably look for a standard dishwasher with a heating element.People have complained about the lack of a heated drying cycle.  The government has mandated all dishwashers use less energy and water.  The new dishwashers won't perform the same drying action as the dishwashers of old with a heating element the size of  rebar.  One of my friends purchased a new Kitchen Aid, and she's frequently left with the tops of glassware and Tupperware or plastic ware not dry.  The key is angling items, so water runs off of them.If you have a whole house generator; you cannot use the heated dry cycle.  You can only use the air dry cycle if the generator is used.  Heating elements use a tremendous amount of energy.Always unload from bottom to top. This way any water on the upper items will not drip down onto your dry dishes below.  You have three racks in this dishwasher.  A bottom rack, top rack, and cutlery tray, or third rack, above the top rack.Make sure your dishwasher is level.  Someone had mentioned their bottom rack keeps coming off the track when they pull it out.Odor:  you MUST let the interior dry.  With no heating element the interior will remain wet or moist.  I leave a rolled up kitchen towel against the top so it's slightly open overnight or during the day while my clean dishes are in the dishwasher.  Letting the interior air dry assures no odor and 99 percent of the time all the tops of my glassware and Tupperware type containers are dry too.  It's the same principle if you've taken a cooler to the beach and left it closed or don't leave your washing machine lid or door open; you'll get odor. They have to dry out.No room for tall items or items don't fit:  This top rack of this dishwasher raises or lowers to three different positions via paddles on the sides, and has two folding tine racks on the right side; so you have plenty of space depending on what you're loading.  You can even remove this rack if you have a very tall item like huge gumbo pot in the bottom rack.  I have an 11  x 17 pan that fits fine in the bottom rack.  I also have put a 4 quart crock pot along with a 6 quart crock pot,  a thick plate, a cutting board, ramekin, and microwave cover in one picture in the bottom rack.If you have tall glasses, just lower the top rack.  You have a 9 to 10 gap between the bottom of the top tray and bottom of the cutlery tray when the rack is in the lowest position.  When the top rack is raised to the highest position; there is a  7 to 8 gap between the two trays.The cutlery tray holds about 70 pieces of cutlery.  If you don't wish to use the cutlery or flatware tray, you can always use the accompanying silverware basket that fits in the bottom tray like most conventional dishwashers.The bottom rack has two sets of tines towards the rear which fold down if you wish. A vase holder unclips, and sometimes I put it towards the side on the bottom rack to hold frying pans up. The plate holder section on the left has wider tines to allow for thick plates, and the ones on the right are closer together.Detergent and rinse agent:  You must know the hardness of your water in order to adjust the rinse aid and detergent amount used.  People are complaining about having to use rinse agent.  I find I use less detergent with this dishwasher since it uses less water, so I think it all evens out.  I have a water softener and filtration system, and have found setting the rinse aid cycle to 2, and using one tablespoon of detergent is often enough.  If you use the packaged tablets or gel packs with about 3 tablespoons worth of detergent; they can  leave residue if you don't have enough dishes in the dishwasher or they're not dirty enough.  Etching on glassware, rust and pitting on flatware will result.  Someone also complained the tablets or gel packs don't fit well.  The dispenser is angled, so if you place the packs in at an angle they fit fine.  If my dishes are very dirty, and I use a prepackaged pack; I've personally found Finish Power and Free to be the best.  It uses hydrogen peroxide and has less harmful chemicals.  I also utilize the Finish Power and Free rinse aid.  I've tried the Cascade rinse agent, regular Finish, Finish Turbo Dry, and like the Finish Power and Free rinse agent the best.Cycles: I love the half load cycle when I don't have a lot of dishes, but I've cooked up fish or cabbage and don't want the smelly dishes sitting in the dishwasher until I have a full load.  Use up to a tablespoon of liquid or powder detergent.  A tablet worth of 3 tablespoons of detergent will probably be too much.I usually use the Eco cycle because I don't want super heated water since I normally use my good china for everyday use.  China generally shouldn't be in water temperature higher than about 140 degrees.  The rinse temperature on the Bosch is 144 degrees using this cycle.**Please access the stainless steel model Bosch SHX68T55UC 800 24 Stainless Steel Semi-Integrated Dishwasher for the pictures I've posted.** 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:12:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65845385	I purchased a Frigidaire professional series dishwasher in 2009 along with a range (which I like), a refrigerator (so far so good) and a microwave (noisy with inadequate lighting and incredibly noisy exhaust fan).  Within the past 9 months, the dishwasher began making a strange noise.  It still would wash and complete the normal cycle, but this supposedly quiet machine became anything but that.  A repairman informed me today that I would have to replace both the motor and the pump.  The door also makes a terrible noise when opening and closing...lubrication with silicone spray did not help.  I was told that the mechanism for the door would also have to be replaced.  When all was totaled, I have decided to replace the dishwasher entirely after only 4 years! Guess I should have done more research before I purchased this one.  I recommend anyone considering a Frigidaire appliance to think twice then buy something else.  Check with Consumer Reports first. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:12:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33395491	I live in a small apt without a dishwasher.  I've had this over 2 years and don't know how I did without it.  I recommend the going over the tips I saw in another review, follow them and this little machine will do well for you.  It's also a cute machine and solidly built. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:12:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
5933170	I received this counter-top dishwasher for Christmas, on the same day I was to prepare a standing rib roast, 2 whole chickens, and country style ribs and all the fixings for  10 people.  Needless to say, I put this dishwasher through its paces that night.  Yes, I had to reload several times, but for once I could entertain while my dishes were being done. I also have to admit I shoved several dishes into the EdgeStar 6 which wasn't necessarily recommended by the manufacturer, but they came out sparkling.I had a little issue with cloudy residue on my dishes which was easily remedied by cutting down my detergent in half (which makes sense, considering the machine itself is half the size of a conventional dishwasher). I had purchased a tub of Cascade complete pacs and found that if I cut them in half and saved the other half for the next washing, the dishes turned out perfectly.On one occasion, my dishwasher leaked from behind at the hose connection.  Now, before I do a load, I quickly check the hoses are securely tightened (super easy to do) and have not had a problem since.Cleaning the interior, filters, and wash arm is effortless.  The stainless steel interior does not hold odors and cleans easily as well.This dishwasher is easy to connect and disconnect from the faucet, just remember to turn off the water before disconnecting.  It is not as much a tragedy if this happens, but comedic...and you will probably never forget to turn off the water again.The Edgestar 6 is not overly noisy.  The only time it may be noticeable is when water is discharged into the sink.  I take advantage of the water discharge by putting dirty dishes waiting for the next load that need to be rinsed under were the water discharges!  Can't do that with a regular dishwasher.The pause function is very useful and I have been thankful for this feature SEVERAL times.I have been very pleased with my Edgestar 6 and highly recommend it for small families, empty nesters, or someone who does not want to spend the money for a built in dishwasher.  As far a compromised counter-space,  it's small enough to move it if you need to (or get a rolling cart). 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86663356	Yes it does work like the big ones do.  You have to be a little careful because some plates etc. will block the arm from moving. Other than that does a pretty good job. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40326657	We got this dishwasher as a gift last December. It does a decent job of cleaning and drying the dishes but I was cleaning the panel a few weeks ago and noticed that the front panel was covered with little rust stains. This is totally unacceptable or a mid-range stainless steel appliance. Whirlpool should at the very least replace the defective panel but because they deemed it a #34;cosmetic#34; issue they have washed their hands of it. I will NEVER buy another whirlpool appliance if I can help it. SHAME on you Whirlpool for using inferior stainless steel on a product that is around moisture it's entire life. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:15:16	No Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
41029949	We have owned this dishwasher a week and it seems excellent.  It cleans very well.  VERY well.  We do not rinse off food before loading.  It is so quiet that you have to strain to hear it.  I like that it is good on energy and water.  This was a less expensive option of models recommended by Consumer Reports.  I purchased it at Lowe's for a little less price. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51991409	It is smaller inside than your average dishwasher. Probably because the more sound insulation the smaller the capacity. I disagree with others about the #34;bad#34; design. It Is designed differently but once you figure out the system, it holds nearly as much as a standard dishwasher. I have two daughters who will load dishes covered with dried caked on food. I told them #34; if this thing cleans those dishes you put in there, I'll write the company#34;. It did clean the caked dishes so here I am, doing one better, reviewing it on Amazon. Very quiet too. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:15:16	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20878110	After little more than three years and running 2 X per week all lights flashing.  Recommended repair people surmised the control panel needed replacing after they spoke with Electrolux.  Replaced today but unit still fills and then immediately empties.  Only thing left is the motor.  Replacing the control panel was $150.  To replace the motor is $100 (not under warrantee) plus about another $250 in labor as the entire machine has to be pulled out (based on 2 hours +).  Now that will add up to about $500 in repairs!  Service people said they have had several with the same problem and all people decided to buy something else.  I now have a $1000+ bread box that is going to the dump! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:16:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22966615	I bought this dishwasher 5 months ago thinking that Kitchenaide was good quality. The front stainless steel panel is now starting to have rust pitting on the face.  I called to complain and they told me that since it's cosmetic that it's not covered by the warranty.  I told them IMO it was defective/cheap materials since it shouldn't rust that soon when there's been no damage to the surface.  They said they would send a representitive out to look at it but if they determined it was cosmetic that it would cost me $75.00 for the service call.Their customer service is a joke and their so called warranty is not worth the paper it's written on.I'm currently working with the vendor and hopefully I can return it and buy a decent dishwasher.Whoever heard of a $1,000 dishwasher rusting on the outside after just 5 months?I don't live by the ocean and I only use the special stainless steel cleaner.DO NOT buy a Kitchenaide.  I NEVER will again. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:16:05	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
72460089	We purchased a bosch dishwasher several months ago and I was really disappointed.  Yes, this dishwasher is very quiet, but that's all it has going for it.  I was really surprised when I called customer service and found out it did not have a heating element.  I was told there would be a little condensation, that's an understatement, I had to take each dish out and dry them off.  If I have to dry each dish, I might as well wash them too.  We replaced the dishwasher with a KitchenAid and I am very happy with it 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:16:05	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
39477250	Bought this in January 2009.  Spent about a third of the price in repairs last summer because the detergent well would not pop open.  Now we are waiting for our repair appointment because the on/off button does not work, that will be at least a $75 service call plus parts.  Yes, it is quiet, but that's about all I am happy about. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:16:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2005398	All started well with this dishwasher, and we were initially very pleased- we loved it. Within the first year it started making noise, and didn't seem to clean as well. By the beginning of the second year we were at war.  Since then it hasn't made it more than 3 months without some problem requiring a fix.  This dishwasher has required over half a dozen service calls since the beginning of the second year; we have had the pump replaced twice and the rack replaced once, and it continues to shed small parts that foul the pump.  We were instructed to avoid the sanitize function, as that makes the plastic brittle... Avoiding the sanitize function has seemed to slow the rate of problems.  Tonight another plastic piece broke, leaving us to do dishes by hand until I can fix it.Our Samsung dryer started thumping a month ago, due to failed seam on the drum.  Wont be buying anymore Samsung appliances *ever*. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:16:05	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57766371	I purchased this dishwasher because it was on sale.  Big mistake.  I've had it less than 2 wks, and I cannot tell you how many times I've had to deal with silverware spilling out of the rack.  Try something else. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:21:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
22545141	The drain hose that comes with the unit, is a two ply hose that eventually separates and intermittantly blocks the drain hose. It will look fine from the outside, but will be 90% blocked on the inside. Otherwise, the unit seems to work quite well. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:21:31	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31097596	I purchased my Bosch SHE4AP06UC in Nov 2010. It did not work correctly out of the box. Bosch replaced it. Good Bosch. Thank you for that.About 18 months later, it stopped draining, but only when we used quick wash cycle. I figured out that I could trick the drain pump into working by lifting up the bell/float located on the tub floor just beyond the filter for about a minute. After which we stopped using quick wash. Today it stopped draining, again, but my trick didn't work, this time. So I called Bosch and was told: that all soaps accept the brand Finish cause residues that can form over the sensor and cause this problem. I was told that I MUST use rinse agent as well, because that helps keep the sensor clean. I explained that we use a drying rack to dry our dishes, because we don't want chemicals to dry our dishes. (This washer doesn't have a heating element to dry dishes, the old fashion way).My advice: Save up a few hundred bucks more and get the Bosch washer you really want. Props. This washer is EXTREMELY QUIET!! And does a bang up job washing. But this model is the cheapest they have and I got exactly what I payed for. Twice. In two years. Just Damn.*** UPDATE ***The repairman has been out three times. two pumps, two controller boards, drain tubes, and a drain pan and still the unit isn't working. come on Bosch. fix it or replace it, already. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:21:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
53955543	My Family had the plastic tub version of this dishwasher in our rental and we loved it. Purchased the stainless steel tub version when we bought a home and we love it. Very Quiet, washes dishes well, and the unit has lots of room for multiple meals from a family of 4. BTW: I am an appliance repair man with 16 years experience and training from most major manufacturers.There are five things to help your dishwasher to operate at its peak performance...1. Run your hot water at the sink until it comes out steaming hot. All dishwashers do heat water but due to federal regulation the wattage of heaters in newer dishwashers is relatively low. Where older dishwashers may of heated water in a dishwasher within 30-40 minutes of starting, newer dishwashers heat water at approx 1 degree per minute and are trying to achieve a maximum of 145-156 degrees Fahrenheit. Most manufacturers state in the owner's manual a minimum incoming temperature of 120 degrees Fahrenheit from the house to be a standard.2. Use Finish All n 1 Powerball Tablets...do not use the dispenser for these, just throw them directly in the bottom of the tub. They are designed for this!3. Use Finish Glass Magic or in a pinch use Finish Booster Agent in your detergent dispenser. Yup, where the detergent used to go. Both the main-wash and pre-wash cups. The federal government passed a law banning phosphates from all detergents. Phosphates worked really well for helping cleaning and keeping the dishwasher free of hard water build up. If you don't use one of these boosters, your dishwasher will never work well for you especially in a hard water area.4. Use Rinse Aid. Preferably Jet Dry but just use one. Rinse Aid literally aids in the rinse and drying of the dishes. If you don't use it you may complain of spotted, cloudy dishes and you will have drying issues. Sorry to preach, its funny how many people fight me on this.5. Once a Month, clean your dishwasher using Finish Dishwasher Cleaner or in an absolute pinch use Tang. Yup, the drink mix, Tang! =) Vinegar, despite popular belief will not clean the dishwasher. The Dishwasher Cleaner contains an acid that will cut through the hard water build up as will Tang as it contains a high amount of Citric acid. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:21:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79637886	My wife and I got ours at Sear*, was on the floor open box with no price, I was a little put off by it since it didn't have any paper work which was what I wanted, but we downloaded it off the web site at Maytag later,then the manager finely found out what the price was and discounted till it was a deal we couldn't pass up, this was the type of dishwasher my wife had been wanting since the kids were out of the house years ago, so for $649.93 we jumped on it, was the best buy we had made in a while, I installed it on a sunday (3 Hours) and we started using it right away, Very quiet, can hardly hear it running even standing next to it,it has a high temp wash you can use which heats up the water, so we did use high temp wash the first time and with just fan drying which take two to three hours because no heat drying, but the dishes came out very clean and only a little water on top of a couple coffee cups which happen in our one door heated dry dishwasher I changed out from, so no big deal at all to us.The two pull out drawers is nice since were only using the top mostly which is next to the sink, bets bending over to fill the one door dishwasher any day, I don't even mine doing the dishes now,HA! I can't see why all the fuss about what the other person said about cleaning it's cleaning great for us and we couldn't be happier since we bought it a couple weeks go, It has a very nice look to it and goes with our other Stainless Steel Appliance. I give it a four star right now because of no heat drying but it isn't a deal breaker, we can live with the air drying, I'm sure it saves on eletric not having to heat up like others,  I will re-review this in two to three months and up date how it's working, but right now it's Great!!!!!!!!!! I'd buy again 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:21:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44246435	it does a better job than i thought. it doesn't fit alot but it really does clean pot and pans without rinsing. cycle is a bit long but its better than a sore back and pruned fingers. fit perfect on my counter, matches the fridge, cheaper than most, wish i got it earlier! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:22:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
34833300	I am amazed at these reviews.  I have had my dishwasher for 3 yrs now and I absolutely love it!  It's quiet and cleans my dishes wonderfully. Never had a problem!  I really don't understand.  I since bought a Frigidaire range and refrigerator.  Love them both. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:22:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
64218807	I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Danby!  It does exactly what I bought it for; it washes dishes while only taking up a small space.Loading it in the most efficient way can be a challenge, but you figure it out quickly.  Buttons are easy to navigate (I figured them out with a quick browse of the Instructions). It came with a scoop to measure the correct amount of detergent.I rinse (just rinse..)my dishes, hook up the hose and I'm off enjoying my time.I've had my Danby (that's what we call it, like a butler) for over 6 months. I use it daily, twice on holidays, and it handles my family of fives dishes like a pro!However, if you feel like you need a super-powerful dishwasher with labels for every feature... this isn't for you.  That would require a portable dishwasher, and takes more space.I would buy another one in a second, and I regret not getting one sooner. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:22:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48574502	We purchased the BLACK model just before Christmas.  I have to say I didn't have big expectations for a little dishwasher.  However, I'm completely amazed at how well this dishwasher cleans.  To the person who said it just wets the dishes....maybe you're not using the rinse aid?  Or perhaps your water pressure or something isn't right.  All of our dishes come out sparkly clean!  We are a family of five.  So after we unload the dishes in the morning, I put the dishwasher on 2 or 4 hr delay.  Then everyone can load dishes for the morning on and off, and the dishwasher will start itself before lunch.  Then we unload it before supper, and again set the 4 hr delay.  We can load more dishes until we go to bed.  Then it starts on it's own sometime after we're off to bed.  I started off using the Finish brand tablets, but decided that was probably too much detergent.  Bought a liquid phosphate free dishwasher soap and a generic rinse aid.  The dishes are still just as shiny.  Purchased ours from a popular online auction site with a 3 year complete replacement warranty for much less than advertised here total.  Also, the same person that said it doesn't clean also mentioned the silverware sorting holes in the basket not allowing odd shaped silverware.  The part with the holes easily detaches so you don't have to use it unless you want to use it.  The basket, itself, has square sections just like any dishwasher.  There's also a flip rack on the top shelf that you can flip down to  lay big utensils over top of the cups and bowls.  You can't go wrong with this dishwasher.  A good deal for those that are short on space. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:22:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67005233	I would not recommend ANYONE buy this or any other Frigidaire product. Just over 1.5 years ago we remodeled our kitchen and purchased an entire suite of Frigidaire Professional series products (fridge, dishwasher, mircowave and range).The first dishwasher delivered had a huge dent in it, and had to be re-delivered before we could even install it (in retrospect the dent was probably the least of our worries).From the start the dishwasher made a grinding sound at one part in the cycle. We thought it was odd but normal given that it was brand new. A few months into our ownership that grinding noise became louder and constant throughout the cycle.When the repairman arrived to diagnose the problem he took one look at the model and said, Ohhhh, they've been having a lot of problems with this model. A lot of problems is right!It turns out that the motor was bad, and had to be replaced. That motor lasted for another few months before the grinding noise came back again. We replaced two motors under the original manufacturer warranty.Knowing this was a ticking time bomb, we purchased the extended warranty. Almost immediately afterward our dishwasher began spilling water onto our hardwood floors. (Since we often ran the dishwasher at night the first time the water sat on the floor the entire night before it was discovered).This was an erratic problem and Fridigaire wouldn't replace any of the parts without verification on the problem. It took six months, but I was finally able to capture the leaking on my phone to prove the problem existed, at which time they replaced a flimsy rubber gasket that probably cost them all of $20.We are now on our third motor and it too is beginning to fail. The noise is still erratic, so it will probably be another few months before Frigidaire will admin there is a problem and do anything about it.All in all, here's the run-down of our experience with Frigidaire:1) Dishwasher - Zero reliability. If you're won over by the positive reviews here, do yourself a favor and buy the extended warranty; you can thank me later.2) Microwave (FPBM189KF) - Zero reliability. It's dead after 1.5 years and will cost more to repair than to replace.3) Refrigerator (FPHC2398LF) - One service repair under warranty for water leaking onto the floor from the ice machine. The custom counter surrounding the fridge is actually wrapped from the water leak.4) Range (FPGF3081KF) - Amazing. True work horse. Stove warms fast and has five burners (one is narrow in the center and great for pan sauces and griddles), oven is great, warming drawer is a nice plus. I wish all Frigidaire products could work this well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:22:42	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48140755	Pros:Good variations on wash cycle, will get through pretty much anything or just rinse for later.Cons:Internal capacity is not the same as its competitors. If you use small dishes, miniature wine glasses and kids cutlery, great! If not, you need to do additional washes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:25:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
80440295	We bought this about 2 years ago and it has been terrible.  We have to wash the dishes before putting them in.  It takes forever to finish a cycle as well.  Our previous machine would clean literally anything we put into it.  This one can't get simple things like dried spaghetti sauce off of a plate.  I'll never buy a Bosch dishwasher again.  I would not recommend this product to anyone. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:25:58	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2331367	I bought this dishwasher nearly two years ago, so I used it for a long time until I moved into an apartment with a build-in dishwasher.  This is therefore a review from someone who used this appliance day in and day out for at least 1.5 years.  After using a normal dishwasher for a couple of months, the contrast couldn't be greater!Problems with this dishwasher:-If you don't load it exactly the right way, you will end up with food particles dried on your dishes. I worked this out through trial and error mostly, and my husband could never get the hang of it!-Only the heaviest and longest of the cycles works even marginally well - and it won't clean well if you don't rinse the dishes ahead of time.-If you don't wash off most particles of food before putting the dishes in, they won't come out clean.  So, when I say rinse, I really mean that you almost have to wash the dishes before you wash the dishes!  Basically, this is good for sanitizing.  I was living in Mexico in a house without a dishwasher, and it was helpful to have the heated wash so the dishes would be sanitized.-You can only use liquid dishwashing detergent.  I tried powdered, as well as the gel packs that come with a mix of liquid and powdered.  Nope!-The interior is short, so only Corelle Ware sized dinner plates (9 in) can fit upright.  Other dinner plates are too large and have to lean over to fit.-It holds less than you think!  Six place settings -- not really!  Unless you are just talking about one set of plates and silverware, and maybe glasses.  But if you also used salad plates and/or bowls, it's probably going to take you two loads.  And unless you are only using Corelle or similar sizes, you will have trouble fitting more than 3-4 place settings in at a time.  We are a family of three, and I had to wash dishes in this usually at least 2-3 times per day, and that did not include any pots or pans, or anything I cooked with.Pros of this unit:-It does sanitize!-I had no trouble with cloudy dishes as long as I pre-rinses everything really well, used liquid detergent, and put in rinse aid.  I had hard water, so washing by hand meant I had to dry everything by hand as well to avoid the problem of spots.-It never broke down, and I had no problems with leaks.  If you make sure all the connections are well tightened before you use it, there shouldn't be a problem with leaks. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:25:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	The product this person is reviewing is unclear	false
62438991	Great price all the things needed to install dishwasher. wont find cheaper anywhere else 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:25:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22587210	We live in an old San Francisco apartment (circa 1910-ish). We don't have a dishwasher. And this was a God Send! Thanks to this dishwasher, we aren't hunched over our sink, slaving over our dishes. And the price is worth it!REmember you will need a Snap Fit Adapter for your faucet. You should be able to find this isn ANY hardware store.[...] 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:25:58	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
89308932	We bought this dishwasher because the one that the builder included with our house in Florida, another GE model, was too noisy. GE consumer affairs offered to buy back the builder installed unit, and asked that we pay the difference, which was about $200. The major positive about this unit, is that it's so quiet; you'll question whether or not it's actually running. As for cleaning capability; I'd give it a C+, as it doesn't always get the dishes completely cleaned. We called GE and they sent a representative to our house to determine why the dishes weren't always coming out as clean as we would like. I had to endure a 10 minute lecture by the technician, who stated that the reason why the dishes weren't being completely cleaned, was because the water temperature going into the dishwasher was only 118 degrees. He stated that ideally the water temperature should be around 140 degrees. When I mentioned that it would be dangerous to set the hot water heater at this high of a reading, he said that if I wanted the dishes clean; I had no choice. Out to the garage I went, and raised the temperature on the hot water heater. Since it didn't have a setting for specific temperatures; I kept raising it, than checking the water with a probe type thermometer. When it finally reached 140 degrees; I loaded up the dishwasher and let it run the entire cycle. There wasn't any change at all. The dishes still came out with residue left on them. Now, I completely wash off any food debris from the dishes prior to putting them in. I also lowered the hot water temperature to its original setting. Now, since the dishes are basically clean when I put them in the dishwasher, they come out clean. The bottom line is that the only advantage to using this dishwasher over the original one that we had, is that it's almost totally quiet. Other than that; it does a mediocre job at cleaning our dishes. Our Florida house has hard water, so that may be an issue, however our NY house also has hard water and we don't have the same problem with the dishwasher we use here. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:27:54	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
67862221	I am surprised there is not already a class action lawsuit on this thing.  After only a year the door latch had worn (it is plastic cheap crap) to the point it would not stay shut correctly.  A few months later... we had a drain error code that we could not quickly figure out.  Turns out both the drain pump line and main drain line had split.  I am uploading photos.  You would think that a $675 dishwasher could at least get the drain line or door latch correct.  Those are kind of main things.  When it did work it did not clean AT ALL.  I used to work in appliances so I know a thing or two about dishwashers.  We would run the hot water first,  always had jet dry it it, pre-rinsed, and used the expensive soap.  Needless to say we are permanently placed Samsung on our blacklist. We will not be buying their appliances, phones, or TV's any longer.  If you ask me they are all crap anyways.I have repaired the latch and drain hoses myself with non-Samsung parts and it is currently on Craigslist for $375.  A $300 loss for only a year or so of use. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:27:54	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27893071	This dishwasher looks pretty, but is terrible at doing its job: washing and drying dishes.  Not only did it NEVER dry our dishes, but we often found food bits on them afterward.  Worst of all, one year into its warranty )to the week!) the seal on the interior cracked open - leaving a huge pool of water over our brand new hardwood floor and warping the subfloor. It took nearly 2 weeks to get a tech out to us (and we live in a very populous area!) because LG only had one qualified tech who was out sick, and they had no backup.  All in all, terrible. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:27:54	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21661744	After our last dishwasher lasted 18 years (Kenmore) we decided to purchase a Maytag during their May sale. After reading on one of the big box store sites how great the product was, we made the purchase. Literally 3 days after the 1 year warranty, the unit completely died. After much research and testing, it has been determined that the control panel is dead... Sadly, I found out this is a VERY common problem with the Maytag washer.. without a doubt, this is the worst appliance I ever owned in 58 years! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:27:54	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42454735	I just got one of these guys, since I just moved and it seemed cheaper to buy a portable dishwasher than to pay more for rent to have an apartment with a built-in dishwasher. ANYWAY, it seems to work pretty swell. I had some dishes backed up in the sink (been busy) and I was able to do them all in 2 loads. Instead of spending 30 min or whatever it would have taken me, I loaded the dishwasher in a couple of minutes and went to work cleaning the rest of the kitchen!Certain items are a little tricky to wash in it, like wooden spoons, spatulas, etc, but I just wash them by hand. I would venture to guess that this isn't any different in other counter-top models.My only advice: if you have more than 2 people living in your household, go bigger - and since this is just about the biggest counter-top model, you should be looking at a different type of product. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:27:54	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48199568	This is my second countertop dishwasher - the first was a Danby I got about 10 years ago and loved. I hadn't used it for several years, and when I moved into a new place again lacking a dishwasher, found out that the movers somewhere along the way had cracked the door and it's no longer any good. So here's this one - after some serious screwups by Amazon in getting it delivered.It is almost exactly like the Danby in the key ways. The biggest difference is no window, which none of the others now available seem to have either. The connections work exactly the same, the filter system has been made more complex and probably more effective, and the rinse aid dispenser can actually be reached without hiring a contortionist. The controls are electronic rather than mechanical - which I don't particularly like.  The racks are designed differently, as far as I can tell so far an improvement.The biggest change for the worse is the lack of anywhere to wrap or stow the cord and hoses on the back. Unfortunately, whoever hung the cabinets in this house put them too low and it lacks a quarter inch of fitting underneath, where it should go. So I have to use a microwave cart and roll it across the kitchen when it's not running - and it's very annoying to have to stuff the cord and hoses wherever they will go.The machine works great and cleaned some pretty dirty dishes very well. As I said, I'm not crazy about the electronic controls, since I can't tell what stage of the process it's in or how long is left. It's also not as clear when you choose the cycles which include heated drying and/or temperature boost for the hot water from the tap, but I'll probably get used to that.Overall, while I'd rather still have a real dishwasher, I'm glad that this one is available to complete a great house with that one glaring deficiency. For one person, it holds plenty to run every other day without company, which suits me fine. I actually think it cleans better than the builtins I've had the past couple of houses, maybe because all the contents are so accessible to the water. I recommend it for anyone in the same circumstances - but if space is tight, be sure to measure the countertop/cabinet clearance before you order! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:31:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
57590586	We have a Bosch that we bought from Sears about 5 years ago. About two months ago the motor came on and would not stop running. The control unit was replaced, sensors were replaced and the motor was then replaced (by Sears). The dishwasher now appears to work. It is somewhat noisier before. We were quite satisfied with the performance before the motor problem occurred. We are very disappointed with Bosch reliability. We feel that the machine should have lasted at least 10 years without a major breakdown. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:31:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37789674	I own this dishwasher and it is 3 years old. It quit working and displayed error code 11. When I called Electrolux, they prescibed a new $81 drain valve. I bought and installed it, but the dishwasher still does not work. Now they say I need a new $342 control panel. After only three years, requiring ~$450 in parts seems unreasonable. I would not recommend purchasing this unit. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:31:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38029551	We bought this from HH Greg as well.  It's just short of three years old and we've had to replace the upper carriage wheels, had the repairman out twice, and now, as the motor has just died, are looking for a replacement.  The repairman explained to us that it will cost at least $375 to replace the motor.We're looking for a replacement dishwasher.When it works, it works well.  Takes a long time to cycle, a note, not a complaint. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:31:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43071068	This DW cleans very well and is extremely quiet. While others have mentioned concerns about items not drying well, I have experienced no problems even on plastic ware. I do use the recommended Finish drying agent. The bottom rack is laid out differently than other DWs which takes some adjustment on what goes where. It's a bit harder to get a mix of dishes and larger items loaded effectively. That is my only (minor) concern. Otherwise, fantastic machine. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:31:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
40931341	I purchased this dishwasher from the local home improvement store, and I couldn't be happier with it so far.  I was initially looking at theWhirlpool WDT910SAYM, but the only meaningful difference I could see was that model had a stainless steal interior for an extra $200.  Maybe it's worth it, but I don't know.  Clean dishes are clean dishes, in my mind.Installation of this dishwasher is also pretty easy.  You have to buy the inflow hoses and connectors, but the home improvement store knows this and they have a kit already prepared with every connector you'd ever need.  The Whirlpool dishwashers require a larger brass connector than other brands, but it's in the kit and very easy to hook up.  Also, there are several good videos on youtube showing how to install this very model.  It took me a couple of hours to take out the old unit and install this one, but I was washing dishes much more quickly than I had anticipated.My only concern about this dishwasher is the latch.  It works fine (for now), but it's a plastic latch.  It's actually in place out-of-the-box, but I thought it was a temporary shipping latch.  I even went back to the store to look at the latch on the floor model to make sure I wasn't missing something.  It's there already.  All you do is pull.  I thought it should have some sort of lock on it, but it doesn't.  Just push shut and pull open (the first couple of pulls are a little stiff).  Because it's plastic and easily removable, I'm tempted to order a replacement part right now while I'm thinking about it.  Who knows?  The latch will probably work fine for 20 years?As far as noise is concerned, this unit is MUCH quieter than the freight train that was my old model.  Simple conversation or watching TV in the same room while the dishwasher is running isn't a problem.  You can hear it, but it isn't overly intrusive.  As far as cleaning is concerned, like the other reviewer I don't wash the dishes before putting them in the dishwasher.  So far, everything has come out spotless.  There is also much more room in this thing than I had in my mid 90's model Kennmore.  I don't pay much attention to changes in dishwasher technology over time, but all this additional room has been a welcome surprise.Obviously, I won't be completely sure of the durability of this unit for many more years.  However, I am very pleased with this unit so far. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:33:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37844421	I wish that I read the terrible reviews of this dishwasher before we purchased it on 3/29/11. Less than a year later, we began to have problems. At least once a week, the dishwasher would not even turn on! We would usually have to go into the basement to cycle the breaker, which we never had to do with our old model. Since it was an intermittent problem, we just dealt with the hassle.In September, the dishwasher would turn on, then immediately run the cancel / drain cycle. We then called Lowes warranty for service. That problem was caused by a jam of equipment. Now, once again, the dishwasher will not start. Cycling the breaker does not even help so we will be making yet another service call in less than three months! We have a 4 year warranty with Lowes, but I'm not sure how much longer I can stand to keep it! THIS IS A PIECE OF JUNK!!!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:33:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51017471	At first the dishwasher worked great! When functioning properly, it cleans dishes very well - even with some caked on food (though it can have trouble fully cleaning knives). If it had no problems, it would be great for any small household with people who hate spending time doing the dishes or for people who are low on space (or both!).Now, I can't run it without getting an E3 error code which indicates a problem either with the water not heating up to the correct temperature or with the heating sensor. When this happens, the dishwasher does a final rinse and shuts down. I would have no problem if it ran through the normal course ignoring heating element of the cycle, but this is not the case. This occurred after about a dozen washes, so I definitely did not get my money's worth.Disappointing. :( 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:33:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
33437874	Outside of stainless steel front door rusted after only 3 months of use.I thought Stainless steel was not suppose to rust.I called Whirlpool who now owns Kitchenaid and was told the rust on the outside is considered under the warranty to be cosmetic and not covered. I argued it was the use of inferior materials and not stainless steel as the claimed in their advertising.The person I talked to SAID that was just too bad and hung up on me.I am going to file a false advertising claim against the company if I can find how to do that.ABSOLUTELY DON'T BUY ANY KITCHENAID OR WHIRLPOOL PRODUCTS, THE ARE THE SAME COMPANY AND MAKE JUNK.The model of my dishwasher is: KUDC10FSXSS5 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:33:45	No Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
1266385	FP brand dish drawer did not hold up. After a few years, it began intermittently leaking and electronically malfunctioning. FP contracts with a third party repair company. They were extremely inconvenient, Autumn Appliance Repair. They did not fix the machine after several costly repairs, and we even filed with BBB, to which they never responded. NO one will even repair the machine, so we junked it. You pay extra for FP, and end up with junk. Run fast to any better brand. We are going to stick with the brands we have had that consistently outperform AND can be serviced: Whirlpool, Frigidaire, Kitchenaid, etc. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:33:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
83256938	It took me a long time to decide whether to buy it or not as it is 500 dollars. But after two months I never regret and want to recommend to everyone. I can't live without it now and hope I had found it earlier. Very quiet as it never wakes up my LO. Very easy to connect to the tap. Very portable, can be moved around easily. Highly recommend 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:34:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46274095	If you're reading this review, it is likely that your place is too small to house an automatic dishwasher. It's also likely that you don't have much counter space to spare either. Counter space schmounter space, who needs space that just gets cluttered up with dirty dishes, when that same space can hold CLEAN DISHES in your new DISHWASHER!?! Please be careful about the measurements however. The product description gives you the dimensions, yet DOES NOT tell you which number corresponds to height, width, and depth. Let me do that for you!22.6 inches WIDE17.2 inches HIGH18.9 inches DEEPI made a measurement mistake because I mixed some of those numbers up, but I was able to rearrange my microwave and toaster-oven to make room. Be CAREFUL! This thing would be a PAIN to return!Speaking of a pain, dishes no longer take up too much of my time. The lady and I no longer fight over doing the dishes. It's not as loud as we were expecting. It's not whisper quiet by any means, but we can still hear the t.v. if we turn it up a little. Dishes come out CLEAN! We have learned to exclusively use the light wash option, as the other two options take extremely long to complete. I'm talking like 2.5 hours long! Light wash takes about an hour. I just make sure I get most of the food particles off before I throw them in. Sink hookup is super easy.Life is so much better now that we have this dishwasher! The gentle hum of a machine doing my work for me gives me warm fuzzies all over! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:34:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	Time Complaint	No		false
28608860	It cleans the dishes well and doesn't leak.When it arrived, there was a small dent on the side.  Not a big deal.  After nine months, the wheel broke off -- it's a cheap plastic snap-together wheel.  We snap it back together and now it comes apart every time we wheel it over to the sink to use.  We only use the device once or twice a week -- it's not like we were rolling it around every day for nine months.  The warranty covers mechanical parts, and I'm not sure if they'll cover the wheel.  I'll update this if they do.  Very disappointing.  And yes, the connecting hoses are cheap.  If it weren't for the broken wheel, I'd give it four stars. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:34:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
66316616	My hubby and I bought this dishwasher (as part of the whole Frigidare Pro-Series set) in '08 when we did a major kitchen remodel.  I have loved it since the moment we received it and have not had a single problem with it --so have been surprised by the low ratings!  The appliance is beautiful and works great.  It was even easy to install --we did it ourselves.  My favorite feature is the hidden buttons.  Keeps the appliance looking sleek and my curious toddler can't find the buttons to play with them.  I also love the different wash/dry levels.  It's a fairly good size, too, and with the adjustable top rack, can fit some fairly large dishes on the bottom rack. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:34:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
86207723	Just got this installed.  Very quiet, cleans well, tall tub fits anything large.  Very well made.  Satisfied   happy with it.  Got it at Sears.Would buy again.Great machine!! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:34:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43066550	The unit is advertised as stainless steel. It arrived in a sealed box sitting in my living room floor. My 13 year old daughter signed the deliver slip. I arrived home and opened the box. The top drawer on the unit was dented and did not close sealed. It is made of cheap plastic with a micro thin sheet of stainless look cover. Very cheap for a $1300 dishwasher. When I called Roadway they subbed out the delivery to NDS . So they give you not my job call Amazon. So I filled out all the work and HC Cost just wants to repair and give me a discount. I told them no take it back and refund my money. Now they say tough stuff you signed for it. Well I do have an issue with a delivery man in my house with my 13 year old daughter alone. Not sure if you can sue for this but I am getting very disappointed with Amazon and this whole experience. Should have bought from a box store. At least they respond and fix claims. Then I find our Lowes offers the same model for the same price. I would not be out a dishwasher for 6 weeks now and more waiting for a response. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:42:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	complain re: damage and customer service, not product	false
20507945	I live at home with my parents and doing the dishes is my chore. My father bought this dishwasher in black two years ago. You can fit big pans/potsin it and its nice your can put lots of silverware in the two caddies. Each dishwasher has a large silverware caddy. I have three down fallabout this dishwaser. one is thatwater sits on the bottom of both dishwashers all the time. THe second thing is you have to lift the silverware caddy everytime your dishs are clean to get the catcher out that catches items so it doesnt clog. I like the idea of the little catcher that both dishwashers have. It catches small items like paper, pea size things and lettuce. The dishwasher has setting on the top when you open it for heavy duty, normal and eco. The third thing is I dont like that the on button is on the front and not on the top where the setting are. Because little kids would press the button and turn the dishwasher on or people could bump into it and start it. Maybe with the newer models they changed it or they will changed it. I will never go back to a regular dishwasher. Im about to move out this coming year and I will have to buy me one of these dishwasher!!! 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:42:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67455031	I bought it for use in my RV and it is great in there.. Bowls are a problem though. It gets them clean and does not use too much water... 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:42:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84652367	This glass washer is a great product to have behind ANY busy bar. We run it almost constantly throughout the night and it runs like a champ. I'd recommend them to anyone. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:42:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16137746	The dishwasher is quiet gets relatively easy to clean dishes cleaner.  That is the reason I am giving this two rather than one star.  For more difficult dishes, such as baby bottles, it does a worse job than the 25 year old dishwasher it replaced.  It also does not dry the tops of flat bottomed cups placed upside down in the top rack.  The dishwasher deserves a two, but the shopping experience I had deserves even less.  I was lured in by the #34;Free Installation#34; at big box store #34;L#34;.  I found out during the purchase that it is not free at all but a rebate.  And not a rebate check, but a store #34;L#34; gift card for the installation amount (not including the tax).  Bosch only honored the #34;rebate#34; for 1 month, and with two small children, travel for work, and the holidays, it was not enough tme and I sadly missed the opportunity to retrieve my #34;rebate#34;.  When I asked the customer service dept for store L, they indicated they would help make things right, but only gave the number of the asst store mngr who never replied to my emails. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:42:26	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes	drying and cleanliness considered separate complaints	false
57315977	The spindle that the wash arm connects to is mounted off axis. Consequently, one side of the wash arm was about an inch higher than the other side and got stuck on the dish rack. I ran the unit once without the dish rack with no change. There is no work around for this, so I returned it to Amazon as defective. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:42:30	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
33303069	BEWARE! I bought this dishwasher from ABT Electronics through Amazon.com. The dishwasher illustrated was stainless steel with black controls, the model number specified was SHE33M05UC, and that is what I purchased. When it was delivered, it was not the correct model. ABT shipped a SHE33M02UC, the model in white with white controls. Between the time of my purchase and the delivery, the quoted price on Amazon for the stainless steel model increased over 17%. ABT would not reship the correct model, would not honor the lower price, and completely blamed the problem on Amazon.com. I am thoroughly unimpressed with their offer of my repurchasing the correct model at a substantially higher price (at a 22% increase, even higher than the 17% price increase), or a refund. I have guests coming for a week-long Christmas visit and NO operative dishwasher. The purchase was made in plenty of time to have it installed and up and running. MY RECOMMENDATION IS NOT TO BUY FROM ABT. ABT IS NOT TRUSTWORTHY. I would have left no stars but it is not an option. Sears, here I come. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:42:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No	This is not a product review	false
58247462	Order it on Thursday got on MondaySo far so good easy to sit up .larger then I thought it would be.Makes noises but you can get over that .....ill keep uPOSTED ..........Love it , Love it.....no more dish pan hands.... 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:42:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	No		false
86838368	I already had an 18 dishwasher (that went bad) plugged into my garbage disposal. So, I figured this wouldn't be the most difficult job to swap in the Danby, and it took 4-6 hours (lunch,  some 12oz curls maybe slowed me down here  there)I'm a casual DIY'er, so this may be too basic for most, but for other's some (hopefully helpful) install feedback.I also uploaded a few pics to show some details if that helps.When buying this, just buy one of these kits that includes a new water input line (if you don't already have one like this, my current setup had copper pipes), and that also includes the copper 3/4 MIP elbow that you'll need (no, the dishwasher doesn't come with the elbow, you need to buy one) (or just get the elbow if you've already got a braided line):Watts D60U Universal Dishwasher Kit with 3/4-Inch FGH EL, Stainless Steel, 60-Inch. Besides that, you'll also need plumbers tape, some tools,  your beverage of choice. Oh, if you want, on Youtube there are videos of how to install a dishwasher that'll walk you through it as well. I'd say if you've already got one there that you are replacing, and you have some DIY know-how you should be able to do this pretty easy (I called and got 2 quotes, from $100-200 for the install), but got bored  figured I'd give it a try.--Yes, the instructions for the electrical hookup on page 2 of the manual are for some other machine. On the Danby, there's a skinny green ground already under a screw, and another big green wire in the piggy tail. I just stripped another 3/8 of sheath away on the ground wire in the piggy tail, so I had plenty of exposed wire to wrap around the house's thinker gauge ground wire (spread out the thinner strands of wire when wrapping around the bigger gauge wire, so more contact points), and then used a wire cap (keep screwing the cap until it won't screw in any more). I am not an electrician, so take any advice at your own risk, but that's what my uncle (that knows his stuff) told me to do  seemed to work fine (see customer pictures)--Yes, the Danby is very short in height, pretty much had to max out the legs. HINT: Take some white-out  mark a corner on each of the feet. Screw them in all the way. Get 1 at the correct height, and count the rotations up to that point (each time the white-out comes around), then just rotate the other 3 legs out the same # of rotations. Should be level as is (or pretty dang close).--At first you are confused where to route the water hose  discharge hose, but once you raise up the legs you'll have tons of space underneath the dishwasher.--The manual is literally backwards, you should start on the last page,  work backwards. Even the checklist before turning it on the 1st time is on page 2 :)--The manual says to have the elbow for the water input pointing left but try as I might, perhaps b/c of the threading on the elbow, I couldn't get it tight ( not leaking water) in any position except pointing to the right. Oh well, the braided hose doesn't seem to have a problem with this (see the picture)--The discharge hose on the Danby is already hooked on, and has a funky curve right where it connects, so I didn't want to bother using a different discharge hose. But, the stock discharge hose wasn't long enough to reach my garbage disposal (given that you should have a point in your discharge line higher than the disposal, so water doesn't run back into the dishwasher). So, I just got a coupler (3/4) and hose clamped them together. The manual said you can have a total of 10' of discharge hose which is right what I was at (if you went 15' etc not sure the pump would clear the line?) Anyways, ran a few loads, everything seems to drain just fine (see pic of the coupler as well).Other random notes:-don't over-tighten the elbow, might break something.-Do NOT use your knee to back the machine into the cabinet space, the front stainless panel isn't reinforced so you could dent it. Also, don't get mad when your team loses in the playoffs and kick it.-STAINLESS STEEL CARE: if you've already got stainless appliances, you probably already have your care routine, but something a sales guy taught me once was using a micro-fiber towel to apply the stainless cleaner/polish. Supposedly the micro-fibers get into the fine grain of the steel and does a better job than a normal cloth getting grease off and laying a layer of wax to protect against finger prints. Not sure if this is an urban myth, but works for me. I would put a coat of stainless cleaner/polish on right away before your dog starts throwing his slobber on it.-Noise--definitely quieter than my old Frigidaire, but if it isn't quiet enough for you, then just use the delayed start timer, so just load up  have it run after the movies are over, no biggie.-If you have to stop it half-way through a cycle ( its full of water), you can't just manually toggle the control to a drain cycle to start over. Fix I found was to run the shortest cycle (the one on the right, Rinse? its only 8 minutes).-Be sure to show your significant other the dish loading instructions, so you don't have to fight over the best way to load it:)-Nice that it has a spray arm on the top rack, my last dishwasher didn't, should be a big improvement.-The dish racks on this Danby are the same width as my last Frigidaire, but they are indeed 2 inches shorter (front to back). So, yes, there is a small loss of space. But, I didn't feel like paying $300 more for a GE for just a few inches, especially since this Danby has got great reviews both here  on HD's site (and besides a few dud machines, most complaints are typical of any 18 dishwasher, so not sure what's not to like at this great price point...usually when you see something priced almost half of other machines it means its inferior, but all the reviewers have loved this Danby, and I don't have anything to complain about either after my first 2 loads)-If you are looking for the Serial # for your online warranty, its not on the tag when you open the door like normal, its listed on the right cross-brace when you remove the kicker panel.-The SLEEP DELAY timer is a little confusing at first, because it doesn't mark passing time by the minute, only in 30 minute decreasing intervals (so at first you'll think its not working, come back in 30 minutes, you'll see the time will have reduced by 30).-The delivery guys were right on time, really can't beat this with Prime (free) delivery for $441, $25 universal install kit, and DIY installClick Yes if this was helpful, No if not! Enjoy! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:42:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
87331146	This Kitchenaid dishwasher is a grave disappointment -- coming from a company with such a good reputation over the years -- and recommended by Consumer Reports also.  I think all purchasers should join together to sue Whirlpool for putting such garbage on the market and include Consumer Reports for their shoddy review of it. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:42:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	No defects specified	false
77079651	We have owned this dishwahser for just over two years and the smartest thing we did when buying it was to get a 5-year repair warranty.  The electronic control panel has a major flaw which, according to one service tech, the factory knows about but hasn't done anything about.  Our control panel has gone haywire and been replaced three times.When it does run, the dishwasher does a good job of cleaning the dishes,etc, as long as you remember to lock the Control Lock; otherwise it may do strange things in mid cycle.  The problem is that apparently the touch panel controls are so sensitive that they can be triggered by someone walking by or dropping a dish on the floor. So you have to remember to lock out and the unlock the control panel each time you start or stop the dishwasher, whether you are starting a full cycle, or simply adding a fork that you didn't notice when you started the cycle.And finally, when we bought it, we didn't notice (and the salesperson didn't mention) that this model essentially has no Rinse cycle, which is a real shortcoming if you don't run a full load after every meal.IMHO, this model is a lemon with other shortcomings as well, and the fact that manufacturer would continue to sell it convinces me that I should never again buy another Kitchenaid-branded product!!  In fact, since this brand is owned lock, stock, and barrel by Whirlpool, they may just have made my never again list as well. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:46:28	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58003681	It gets the job done. What a great little machine :) just make sure u order the dishwasher salt. I didn't and I had to wait a wk for it to come in the mail because u can't buy at a regular store. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:46:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48058722	First, the options are not great. It only provides for 4 hour delay. But this was as described. The heating element broke shortly after the warranty expired, so the sanitize or the extra hot wash does not work. The the other very significant flow is the cleaning/filtration system. This dishwasher is nasty. It has a filter that collects nasty grime and you have to clean it yourself with a brush. Also nasty grime on the bottom and around the door. Yuck. My previous significantly cheaper GE dishwasher was always clean and I never had to clean it. We are very disappointed in this dishwasher. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:46:28	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43330989	Really gets those dishes, cups, glasses and flatware clean!  Excellent performance on pots, pans and casserole dishes too.  It has a lot more room inside than I expected, and I only have to run it every other day (family of two).  The unit is lightweight enough that this grannie can push it to the sink with ease.  It was easy to get out of the shipping container, and the directions to operate it are thorough.  What a joy! 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:46:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
89100516	After 1.5 years of washing a load of dishes every 2-3 days the drain pump broke on this dishwasher. Whirlpool advertises that they produce a high quality product and the majority of the reviews for this dishwasher on their website are very high.  I called Whirlpool and asked if they would fix the drain pump as I had only had it for 1.5 years.  They rudely said that they do not replace anything after the 1 year limited warranty.  They claimed it was not their product that was defective and blamed the workmanship of their employees who made the dishwasher. A year and half after buying this I am now out of pocket $300 to have it fixed.  If you buy this dishwasher make sure to buy an extended warranty as apparently these dishwashers are notorious for breaking and Whirlpool must know this as they flatly refuse to cover repairs and will do nothing to keep their customers happy. After my terrible experience with Whirlpool I tried to post a review on their website outlining my experience.  Whirlpool rejected the review saying they do not allow any reviews that mention customer service.  Basically their reviews are all good because they reject any that are negative.  If you buy this dishwasher know that their is a high probability that it will break within the first few years and if you did not buy an extended warranty Whirlpool will refuse to fix their defective product. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:46:28	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59836300	This dishwasher has been a disappointment.  We've had it for about 2 years in a household that gives it very light duty use.Dishes don't come out clean even with pre-rinsing and the use of the recommended rinse agent.  Neither do they dry very well.The rack mounts broke very quickly and easily.  Apparently, pieces that have fallen into the macerator are the reason for very noisy operation, but I've been unable to find the pieces during minor disassembly.  Recently, I'm getting an LE error code, which is apparently a leak error.  I'm thinking of retiring the dishwasher entirely, getting the cupboard space back, and washing dishes by hand.When the dishwasher was purchased (from Sears), price was not my major concern.  I wanted a reliable, properly working product.  If that is what you're looking for, my advice would be to look elsewhere.  I'm not sure if it's the brand, or just this particular model, but I would NOT advise a friend to buy this dishwasher. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:47:38	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57024778	I purchased this dishwasher after carefully reading reviews off the internet less than 2 years ago.  We had it professionally installed.  The consumer reviews said it was quiet, and I believed that KitchenAid knew how to make a product.I do not understand how it got such great reviews.  It started off quiet, but didn't take long before it was as noisy as any economy dishwasher I have ever used.  Not only that, but on 3 occasions we have found puddles of water on the floor after running a cycle.  I fear that we are getting unseen damage to our flooring.  Finally, we pulled out the top rack to unload dishes, when the rack fell off the track.  Glasses and dishes fell down, many of them breaking.  It appears the plastic flanges that hold the wheels onto the rack failed (all but 1).  To get new adjusters will cost us over $50.In addition to all that, you can't walk by the thing, or use the counter without turning it on.  We have been programed now to use the child-lock feature at all times.  It is very annoying to try to do some food preparation, then having your dishwasher turn on.  UGH!I had always purchased GE products for my kitchen, but this time I altered my choice because of the internet reviews.  Guess I will be going back to GE as soon as we can afford a new dishwasher.Stay clear of KitchenAid, at least for their dishwashers. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:47:38	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32033394	I was unsure about purchasing this. I did some halfhearted research and eliminated the Danby because I found too many reviews that said it broke after 2 years or so. I got this in the mail, prime shipping free..BONUS...and boy was the box huge! I popped it open and the thing is big and very white...reminds you of a 80's computer..well if it was taupe...anyway. It fits but is super bulky. It's so easy to put together, don't bother with the directions, they are poorly written and confusing. Why can't they get IKEA to write their directions, I don't know... I put it together in maybe 15-20 minutes. I was worried that I would have a weird faucet but it fit perfectly. I still don't which detergent to use but I bought something, popped it in there and apparently didn't quite get the right amount of rinse agent in there. Let's talk about how tiny the inside is...its tiny. It won't fit my plates, I don't care, I'll buy newer smaller ones, less food -- dishwasher diet. It cleans magnificently! No spots, nothing. I am in love. I've run it three times - I didn't wash dishes for a bit in anticipation (read:lazy) and it is perfect. Quiet, lovely new dishwasher friend. Buy this...if you have no space in your tiny apartment kitchen. You will love it. 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:47:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20004667	I have had my Maytag for 6 years and its performed great.Does a great job and its not too loud.I can have it going and talk on the phone or watch TV without beng distracted.I bought the least expensive unit, great value.The machine had a piece of plastic in the disposal when first installedMaytag sent out a repairman right away at no charge to me.I would recommend Maytag products to any of my friends 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:47:38	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
24370222	takes forever to wash and doesnt was very well at all I had high hopes for a whirlpool but wish I would have bought a different one 	Jsargent	10-26-2015 20:47:38	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
44437595	Purchased the unit based on the Matag history.  Worked fine for 6 months then it developed a load noise.Service said it was a warped motor assembly.  Had it replaced.  2 months later same problem they replaced the unit again.  Started making the noise again they finally decided that the stainless interior had warped and they needed to replace the entire unit.  Ordered replacement waited a week without washer and when it arrived as they were taking it out of the box they noticed that the bottom feet where bent and broken.  Ordered a replacement for the replacement and after another week it arrived and when opened the bottom of it was more damaged that the first one.  Vendor replaced it with a GE unit and am totally happy. Matag quality is not what it was. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:49:11	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
44340730	I've always respected the Kitchenaid brand and expected this would function as well as my Bosch but with the flexibly of my friend's Fisher Paykel drawers.Wrong on both!  Doesn't clean dishes and can't fit what you could fit in one rack of any other dishwasher, or even one drawer of the F/P.The worst appliance I've ever owned.zero stars. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:49:11	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
68709715	I just bought this dishwasher a few weeks ago.. It's fantastic! No problems with it and it was a breeze to set up.. I have a pur water filter on my sink and it attached to it with no problems, didn't have to buy any extra parts. It gets my dishes sparkling clean. Saves me so much time cleaning dishes in my apartment. A little bit bigger than it looks online, but overall a fantastic buy... I simply bought a movable cart to roll it to the sink..... Would buy again... 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:49:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22832316	This is in my office and often when i check it hasn't run.now the lock light is stuck ON and i haven't been able to use it for two weeks.  i can't find help online and i have already been on the phone with amana help for about 20 minutes while they say they are experiencing higher than normal call volumes. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:49:11	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
61466590	We have hard water that is the real test of dishwashers. So we have had at least ten in our past . This is the quietest yet sometimes you cannot tell if it is running till you look at the light display . Time will tell on the water issue. 	agilay	10-26-2015 20:49:11	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
9125169	I love this little guy.I do not have room for a full size dishwasher and I live in an apartment, so after many years of not having a dishwasher and hating to do dishes I looked into a counter top one. I did not want to spend a lot of money on something that was not going to work or issues, so I did my research and one that kep coming up as far as really good was SPT. I broke down and bought it and am so happy I have.You can put it anywhere, you do need to be close to the sink to hook it up though. The set up is supper easy unpack and you are good to go. To attach it, unscrew the faucet filter place on the one they give you and start washing. This takes any dish washing soap.OK what people with complain about...it's to small...well it is a small and you have to use your head when you put bog dishes in there, here is a hint the silverware basket comes out. I like to cook and bake so I have large bowls they fit.for the full I'm washing hard cycle it is about an hour to run, but turn it on and go to bed you are good. Because it does not have drying system, open up the door a crack let the dishes air dry. I love this thing, if you have a lot of dishes you may need to run  couple loads or do some my hand (I prefer to run a couple loads)this is energy star rated (means less water and electricity then other models). Here is the thing you run this full (be creative in loading it and load it full) you will save water.I would say buy it if you are looking. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:51:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73693660	We purchase an LG electric range, microwave refrigerator, and dishwasher in May of 2011.There has been a problem with every appliance! Very disappointed with LG would never buy Again! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:51:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	no description of problems	false
33987949	This item is being reviewed to test if only people who have purchased an item can post a review. I'm contemplating getting this dishwasher which is rated 75/100 by Consumer Reports. It is also rated 4.6 out of 5 stars in Best Buy. However, all reviews in Amazon sound as though they have been rigged. There are people posting so much negative (1 star) comment that it is hard to know for sure if they are genuine. No wonder other than Bosch, there are no other company that get any good reviews. I'm posting this review because I'm interested in this model, but I'm somewhat alarmed by the negative comment, which don't jive with reviews on other websites.. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:51:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	not an actual review	false
79317185	The ONLY thing I like about this dishwasher is how beautiful it is.  But, pretty is as pretty does.  Please read the reviews before you spend this amount of money on this dishwasher.  I poo-poo'd all the comments and should have paid attention.  I hate what everyone else does - no drying element, you can't do back to back load unless you hand dry the first load, there is no solid waste disposal, the interior is always damp and smelly, the racks are hard to load if you're washing anything but tableware, you must use a rinse agent and they recommend that you use this very expensive and hard to find #34;salt#34; in the water softener.  Is that enough?  I could go on.  The worst thing is it is so S-L-O-W - Think two and a half hours plus another four if you want the dishes dry (even then there will be puddles in your glasses bottoms).  I would NEVER buy this machine again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:51:59	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45692648	Great looking product / cheap piece of trash. My unit is less than 6 months old and I have had the repair techs out three times (should have called them even more). Cheap gaskets, deflectors, nothing seals. These dishwashers will RUIN your floors and cabinets. Boy am I ever sorry I bought Frigidare. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:51:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
14100603	In the 2 years that we've owned this dishwasher, we have had 6 service calls.  If you don't heed the warnings to stay away, or if you (like me) bought it before you did your research, I have some suggestions:  Make sure the top basket is pushed all the way against the back of the machine so that the water source is connected, otherwise you're getting only water from the bottom sprayer and your dishes will not be clean.  Second, run the hot water in the sink until it is piping hot before you turn on the dishwasher.  Third, this is an HE machine so use less detergent -- the gel type is best and only fill the dispenser halfway.  Otherwise you'll get white film (etching) on your glasses and flatware.  Finally, make sure you have your settings at least on normal -- forget the fast wash, it doesn't clean very well.  And by all means never leave your dishwasher running when you're not at home.  We have had two leaks that would have become floods if we hadn't been there. So, why did I give it two stars?  Because it's extremely quiet and it's gorgeous to look at. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:56:19	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
39670041	I have never used such a horrible dishwasher in my life. It looks great, it's sturdy, everything about it seems wonderful.. until you attempt to use it.I have read the manual and used heavy, high heat dry, even hi temp wash and sani rinse... and grief every time they come out wet (even days later) and half of the dishes are dirty (I pre-clean them too!!).Ridiculous. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:56:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
8178364	it is a good little dishwasher.my girlfreind loves it!now all my freinds want to buy it from me,and i told them no way.just go to amazon.com and get one of your owen. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:56:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73608929	Not too small and certainly not too large.  A perfect fit for our beach house with a 1940's kitchen.  Cycle times are sometimes long and confusing but it does the job VERY WELL, and then it rolls away and becomes extra counter space.We have only used it for a few weeks but are extremely happy and glad that we did NOT buy a counter top smaller unit.  This handles a weekend (of two people) of plates and dishes and delivers them back clean and bright.  Well worth it.Suggest you write to Danby Customer service (email) and request cycle times so you know it is working correctly. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:56:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39346262	January 10, 2014, 8:31 A.M.Note this Unit was installed on 6-29-2013. It replaced a similar Maytag D.W. ( with similar features ) that was used for seven years at the same location.  I also checked the lower spray wash spinner that is included in one of the pictures and it was working.On 1-8-2014, I ran the Lemi Shine thru the dishwasher on the heavy cycle ( D.W. was empty ) . I added one package of the Lemi Shine in the bottom of the dishwasher per instructions. I noticed that the water was about to be discharged so I disconnected the hose at the disposal and collected it into a 5 gal pail. So I added another package of the Lemi S. and added back the first batch. I then waited 1 hour to let the solution remain on the bottom. I had noticed that the water level was very low and there was very little spray action during the prewash cycle. I concluded that I might be short of wash water, so I added more water to bring the level to the maximum level at the door without spilling over. I cycled on #8220;Heavy Duty Cycle#8221; and each time the water drained out into the bucket I re-added it to the dishwasher over a two time hour period.Today, 1-9-2014 A.M., I just cycled the washer thru the Quick Cycle ( no additives, just plain city water ). I noted the amount of water that was discharged after the first wash cycle. I collected in and it is in the 2 liter green full bottle and 24 oz. clear half full bottles, in the picture. (Sorry,  I could not down load at this time, I will try again at a later time)  So altogether about 80 ounces of liquid. I also have the water that I used with the Lemi Shine in the labeled two gallon bottles, a little less than 2 gallons. I had poured some of the solution back into the dishwasher to soak over night. I did notice that even going thru the Quick Wash Cycle with no detergent that I was still getting a lot of bubbles and foam. Apparently the water was still cleaning out the pump and water lines in the dishwasher.I am not sure how the dishwasher will perform after the next regular washing cycle. We pre-wash by hand all dishes and rinse them prior to loading them in the washer. We do not add any soiled dishes or place settings to compound the washing cycle. Note this Unit was installed on 6-29-2013.  It replaced a similar Maytag D.W. that was used for seven years at the same location.Note:  I am a retired manufacturing engineer and write reviews often that appear on Amazon.com and other web sites.  I will update this review in the near future.  I hope that my reviews help out others making purchasing decisions.  Thank you. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:56:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
46202874	This is an excellent  dishwasher. We replaced our 7 year old GE Profile, which in retrospect was a very lousy product, tolerated way too long.The Kitchenaid is roomy, very quiet, easy to stack and most importantly washes beautifully. We use the PRO settings as recommended. I cannot think of any negatives other than the outside stainless steel shows stains very readily--water drips, fingerprints, etc. Needs constant cleaning to look nice, but that is not a big deal.The design of the top shelf for silverware and utensils is brilliant--it can be adjusted to two heights.Overall, we are very glad we bought it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:59:30	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87852611	I bought this countertop version instead of a rolling dishwasher because we have a tiny kitchen. Unfortunately, our completely standard 11 dinner plates will not fit inside! Our completely standard coffee mugs do not fit on the cup rack. I had to wedge them in where the bowls would normally go. There's no way to tell that except by trying it out. The specs don't spell it out and no reviewer mentioned it. It also overwhelmed our small kitchen (you can't really ignore a big white box sitting on your counter!) and it's not light at 50 pounds. I am really surprised that it cannot accommodate our dishes because it certainly looks big enough at first glance. It was not too difficult to set up, but the large white hoses are also pretty hard to ignore unless you can hide them away when you're not using it.So despite the good price, the fact that it worked well (we ran one test load and were happy with the result) and the excellent customer service from New Air, I am returning it. Make sure you measure your space and your dishes first and if they are the right size then this is a good choice in countertop dishwashers. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:59:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
17305478	I installed the single drawer version of this diswasher. I also have a full sized KitchenAid but wanted a smaller dishwasher as it sometimes takes a couple of days for my son and myself to fill a large dishwasher. I was attracted to the dish drawer because of it's smaller size and efficiency, being that it uses less than 2 gallons of water for the cycle.It's been going for 6 months now and I have not experienced any service issues as some of the other posters. Also during installation I phoned FP tech support and got great service. I did not have to wade through automated menus or key in serial numbers. The person that answered the phone (somewhere in Australia) walked me through the installation, was very patient with me and was able to describe the product in detail .Operation is what is important to me and here are the high and lowsGood:-Unit is ready to go out of the box -includes drain line  extension and power cord pre-wired. In contrast to others that make you purchase these items separately-Extra quite.-Does a reasonable job of cleaning moderately soiled dishes-Very efficient.-More capacity than it looks.Bad:-Dishrack does not lend itself to efficient loading. Works well for full sized plates. But does not handle most glasses and small items well-results in wasted space.-Doesn't always drain fully. Several times it left bottom full of water. Not really a problem just surprises you when you open it and water sloshes around.-You really need to pre-rinse with this unit. I have not had good luck just scraping and tossing the dishes in. For example a bowl with oatmeal on it came out with specks of oatmeal unless I pre-rinsed. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:59:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59245339	I am taking the time for the review because I believe in complimenting those that make great products I enjoy. I have already contacted Danby  told them them so! I have had my Danby four years on my counter top and it works perfectly. I can put ANY fry pan or pot, etc. into the unit for cleaning. I also use it to clean dust off loads of cups  glasses, spatualas, Spring cleaning etc. because I want a clean kitchen and run a tight ship. I have been using my Danby for 3-4 loads a day since I received it  no problems. 4years x 365 days X 3 loads a day = 4,380 load cycles without a problem, and for only $200. !! Anybody that is STILL doing dishes by hand is nuts not to have this dishwasher.BAD: The glass is cracking  I use crazy glue. Danby should go to a solid stainless door and end that one problem they have. TRY Tap Plastic for a replacement window. I cannot find an orginal replacement. BUT the machine is so good it is worth the time to repair the window myself(about a $20.00 repair item). Those having break downs might clean their screens and the sump trap area out occassionally, and maybe pre-clean heavy deposits off dishes  pans to make it easy on the water pump. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:59:30	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
32199494	We bought this 6 months ago along with the LG refridgerator 28CF French Door.THe fridge is awesome - but the dishwasher just looks nice.It won't remove wet cereal from bowls - you just wipe goo off with your finger of the still wet dishes after a full 2 hour cycle.It is quiet, plays a little jingle when done and looks pretty = but the dog licking your dishes will get them cleaner.  LG makes nice TV's and Fridges but they make a pitiful dishwasher 	kriss95	10-27-2015 01:59:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
82238816	Read a ZILLION reviews and decided on the KUDS35FX dishwasher.  We've had it for 2 years.  Four service calls and it's dead again today.  The thermal fuse has blown twice for no apparent reason.  I'm talking about a fuse in the control panel that has to be replaced by a technician!  We also had the motor freeze up.  When the repairman pulled apart the unit to see what had blocked the motor, he found a little piece of plastic lodged in it.  A little piece of plastic that had broken off the crappy upper rack!!!!!  Then THAT part had to be replaced!  Who knows what's wrong with it now.  The first 2 service calls were within warranty but now we're screwed.  When you're comparing prices be sure to include the $150 service calls you're going to encounter after the warranty ends.  You've been warned. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:24:47	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
46392115	If there is anyplace for water to accumulate such as in the 'foot' of a goblet or bowl, I find soap in it even when the cycle is through. I run the dishes through a second cycle just for rinsing. Other than that it works well. I wish there were another sprayer on the roof of the unit, but maybe that would make it unacceptable large and bulky, or too expensive, I don't know. The unit is pretty quiet and I can run it even when I am sleeping. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:24:47	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
88775833	This item works as described and actually better than my built in unit. It came double boxed and well protected arrived in 3days I have been using this unit for about a month with not a single problem. I would highly recomend this unit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:24:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69768694	My 14 year old VERY reliable Whirlpool dishwasher bit the dust.  Replaced with this model.  It cleans ok - quiet, but washing cycles are long - about 2 hr, even for light wash.  You MUST use the rinse aid, or dishes and the actual inside of the dishwasher do not dry.  Beaded moisture everywhere.  This certainly was not the case with my old washer.  The most annoying thing is that occasionally (like once every 6 washes) the soap dispenser door does not open for the entire cycle.  So you open it up and your dishes have been bathed in hot water only (plus rinse aid, of course) for the entire cycle.  Maybe the door opens the next time you use the washer, but you have to run the whole cycle again.  I need to contact the manufacturer about this, but have not done so yet.  Overall I would say this product is ok, not great.  I've had it about 2 months. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:24:47	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Time Complaint	Yes		false
25671645	Who knew? I used Amazon.com to find a dishwasher and it was $150.00 cheaper than any local appliance store carried plus it was shipped right to us! A friend installed - BAM! Great! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:24:47	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17860435	This is the review I did at Best Buy, which was rejected. Oh well, I don't pull punches! When I tried to register the product at the samsung site, it kept kicking me out to correct non-existent errors, giving me the suspicion they didn't want to accept my information or to honor the warranty. I got them on the phone and they cheerfully set-up an appt. with the only Samsung service available in a 75 mile radius and I live just outside Chicago! Not sure what had happened to my brand new dishwasher, I decided to call the service outlet 12 miles from my home to inquire about the possibility of it being due to bad electric service. They informed me that the visit alone, would be $138! I since realized it was Samsung's fault because I have 4 other electronic appliances that have been around for 5 years, trouble-free.But I also decided to Google trouble with this dishwasher and immediately found a website called: Consumer Complaints  Reviews. Apparently, I wasn't the only one who discovered too late, that the most important part of selling me a samsung dishwasher is getting me to purchase it.... Of the top 125 complaints, there are about 20 -30 best buy customers. The typical breakdown concerns the chinese electronic control panel which is what my problem is, according to the trouble code. The dishwasher will recover after about 4 -8 hours, begins a new wash cycle and then a few minutes later, stops and blinks the l.e.d.s.I've had it for 6 months and used it 10 times. I have the original box of powerball tablets recommended by samsung. I live alone and usually wash a lot by hand instead of wasting energy, soap, etc. I'm presently at home with a back injury and no dishwasher! I can only stand for about 2 to 4 minutes and I'm still paying for the broken samsung. So far, the cost is $50.00 per washload!I called best buy for help. I wanted to trade this for a new dishwasher of a different brand. and they offered to take the unit away for me, while there, delivering my new purchase! I got angry and said, I couldn't find out it was defective before your time limit, I don't have that many dishes. They asked me if I'd bought the extended service plan and I got more angry. I said: Once you get it out the door, it's next customer? What happened to standing by your product? You're in this business, obviously, you know this is junk, why is it on your floor to sell to me?According to these bad reviews at: Consumer Complaints  Reviews, Samsung had denied, blamed and drug their feet at the customer's expense for months at a time in many cases. So my worst fears about trying to clean my dishes with my injury are coming true!WHY samsung?WHY best buy?I hope you have the decency to allow this review to be posted here, for the sake of your remaining customers, because I've taken myself off your mailing list and cutting up your so-called: Elite membership! Just in case you censor this review, I'll be posting it all over the internet, everywhere I can, until my undeserved punishment is repealed by you or samsung 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:30:30	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44994770	I had 2 Haier poartable dishwashers. One broken down 8 month and the other worked about a year. Then no matter what button you push, no action at all. The cost of repair is more than you buy one.Plus, the customer service from Haier is terrible.I am buying other brand after 2 years trying Haier. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:30:30	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
72321250	As a previous review mentioned, we also received this dishwasher as part of a new construction - we did not choose it. But now we are stuck with it. The space inside is useless. You might be able to fit one or two pots in the bottom. There are two rows on top for cups then a strange open midde section with little prongs that are useless. The biggest issue is that although I have run three separate loads, several items still come out dirty. I don't mean slightly dirty, I mean very dirty - as if even water did not reach them. Further, everything has water spots. Terrible dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:30:30	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
78679760	We purchased a Bosch dishwasher about 5 years ago. Since then, the electrical panel has had to be changed and now we have to replace the motor ($150). The electrical panel fell under the warranty, but we now have to pay for a new motor on this already expensive dishwasher. I called Bosch's customer service several times and they were very firm in not helping to pay for a new motor. There was no consideration for the previous issues with our unit. Very disappointed. I completely understand that machines malfunction and sometimes you get a lemon....but when the company does not stand behind the product, you have to question the quality. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:30:30	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71127326	This is the worst dishwasher we have ever owned.  We have had it for two years now.  After one year we had to have the motor replaced.  Now in the second year it leaks and does not clean the dishes. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:30:30	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
39748158	This is the absolute worst dishwasher! W had a Maytag previously that came with our house when we purchased it 7 years ago that was 100 times the dishwasher this one is. The dishes have never come out clean. We prerinse and the dishes will come out dirtier than when they were put in. It would absolutely be faster and more sanitary to hand wash all dished. I am so disgusted with this product I will NEVER recommend or purchase another Frigidaire.Also as for the person who mentioned the fire, we have also had an issue with a travel mug cover falling off the top rack and landing on the heater. Luckily we smelled the smoke and stopped the washer before a fire actually started, but the heater had melted though the plastic on the cover.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:36:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
43842056	This little guy cleans better then any full size washer I have ever used.  It uses up counter space, but it's the same counter space that would be used for drying dishes.  I can not say enough good things about this small but powerful machine.  They are not expensive new, but they are often available used from people moving to a bigger place.  It does not fit as much as a full size, but I'm not sure I ever want to go back to a full size.  Why go big when big is not better. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:36:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26451937	We bought this dishwasher to replace a 20-year-old GE builder-grade model. While this dishwasher is much quieter and far better looking, it simply doesn't get the dishes clean or dry! More often than not, we have to re-wash at least some of the dishes or utensils, even after rinsing them before putting them in the dishwasher. We never had to rinse anything with our old dishwasher. We have to load the utensils with the handles down or they definitely won't get clean - and tougher food such as jelly still doesn't come off. This dishwasher holds lots of dishes, but it doesn't do much good if they don't come clean. I don't know how it compares to other newer models of dishwasher, but it can't compete with our old one! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:36:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
81063956	I've always loved my Samsung TV's and our refrigerator has been fine but this dishwasher stinks.  It does a poor job cleaning and smells inside if you don't run it every 2 days. Brown gooey material builds up across where the door seals and must be wiped up every couple weeks.I've had this unit for a year and 6 months and it no longer functions.  It runs for 5 minutes and gives a low water error. I think its unacceptable for a unit to fail so quickly. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:36:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25116914	The dishwasher works great! Convenient in our small home and saves money, water and time compared to the handwashing we were doing. The cycle takes about 2 1/2 hours so we turn it on before heading to bed. Easy to use and the we have found it cleans the dishes quite well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:36:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43486731	This is the first portable dishwasher that I've ever owned, so I don't know what to expect in comparison to other dishwashers, but this one seems to be great.  It definitely does the job, is easy and accessible.  I have to get new plates because the ones I have now are a little bit too big to fit.  (So if you love the dishes you have now, take measurements.)I would recommend. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:38:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47720328	Had the same issue with the control panel as everybody else and wish I'd found these reviews sooner. Of course it didn't short out until just after the warranty expired. Pretty displeased in general. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:38:15	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	assuming control panel is the same as the button component	false
43124812	This is the first dishwasher we've ever purchased (in August of 2011--to replace the Maytag MDB6600AWB which came with our home) and although I researched a lot before I selected this one, I've learned a great deal about what to look for next time.So we've owned this Maytag for almost 6 months, and this is what our experience has been:****Pros:--It cleans quite well, most of the time. I still get the occasional piece of silverware with food caked to it. I do not use the removable silverware separators, however, because we (family of 5) go through more silverware than the separators would allow. For our needs, I liked the silverware basket setup on our old Maytag better.--I am more than completely satisfied with the way this dishwasher dries my dishes. I do use the heated dry feature and rinse aid.--The food grinder/disposer does its job well. I did not like the idea of having to clean a filter in the (higher-priced) Bosch machines.--In my opinion, it is reasonably quiet--not distracting at all. A lot quieter that our old one.--It's easy to use, I've really only had to use the auto clean, heated dry, and delay wash options.--It looks great, is easy to keep shiny clean (mine is the black model; just wipe it down with a microfiber cloth), and was fairly easy to install (my dad and I did it together--the under-counter configuration was already there from the old dishwasher).****Cons:--This dishwasher is rather poorly made. For example:The plastic, CLIP-ON (!) wheels (and assembly) on the lower rack have already started warping and popping off when we pull the rack forward (another reviewer mentioned something similar) . The whole wheel assembly is flimsy plastic and this dishwasher operates at very high temps; the wheel assemblies don't seem to be able to stand the heat and the load. We have almost had a fully-loaded, lower-rack crash to the floor numerous times due to the instability of these wheels on.The entire lower rack comes off track (with a full load of dishes in it) when we attempt to slide it out. I will be calling for replacements today.** (see updates below)--The Split  Fit utensil baskets are advertised as being flexible in their placement, but I have not found my utensils to come out as clean if the baskets are placed anywhere but side-by-side on the lower right of the lower rack.---The fold-down Stack-Rack on the upper rack is useless; there's not enough room in that top rack to stack anything on it. Next time I choose a dishwasher, I'll bring some of my dishes to the store (I'm dead serious). Compared to my older model, the top rack in this dishwasher (not adjustable) is extremely shallow. I cannot fit most of my plastic lids--and many of my larger plastic storage containers and taller glasses simply do not fit up there. The dishwasher gets too hot to put any plastic items on the bottom, so I have the choice to either wash them by hand or run additional cycles. With a family of five I usually run one (full) cycle each day, so I guess I'll be washing a lot of plastic by hand for the next few years (or, at least till our extended warranty runs out and the thing breaks for good).--The cord assembly that controls the tension on the door (which is under a great deal of stress/tension when opening/closing) is not made of steel, like on our older model; it is made of some type of braided fiber and plastic. I can't imagine this construction will contribute to the longevity of the mechanism. The whole dishwasher will have to come out if this assembly fails and needs replacement. Not well-though out.--There is a wiring assembly under the front panel, near the relay, which is delicately connected with plastic (plug-like) couplings. We knocked one off during installation (very easy to do) and I just happened to notice it and reconnect it. I'm not even sure what would have happened if I had not reconnected it, but I was amazed at how fragile the whole wiring setup was.--In the last two weeks, I have had two cycles which did not wash correctly because of detergent-door failure. The detergent was puddled under the dispenser, but it had obviously not dispensed into the wash cycle. The owners manual says the detergent door can be obstructed by large dishes--but the lower rack IS advertised as being designed to allow for large pans and bowl--another example of poor design, I'd say.So there it is. If you're a first-time buyer (as I was), I hope you've gained some insight. I like the way the dishwasher cleans, dries, and looks--and it is fairly quiet. I really don't like having to wash dishes by hand because they don't fit into my tall-tub model. It's not Maytag's lowest-priced model, and it's definitely not built to last.**UPDATE on defective wheel assembly: Upon 1st call to Maytag, they insisted they would NOT replace the wheels free of charge even though the unit was still under 6 months old. They accused me of overloading the machine. I then emailed Home Depot (HD) headquarters, HD intervened on my behalf, and Maytag is now cooperating. So far, AE; repairmen have been here 3 times; they replaced the wheels, then the lower rack, and finally installed an entirely new tub (they've pretty much disassembled and rebuilt the unit in my kitchen). Still having derailing problem and now there are loose parts in machine. Hopefully Maytag will replace the dishwasher this time--and hopefully the problem will go away. I'll post another update later, I guess.**2nd update: 4 months into complaint process and the unit is still not fixed. I have filed a BBB report. There have now been 8 service technicians from 2 different companies in my home. Maytag will not listen to their own repair technicians who tell them the unit should be replaced, and they will not allow me to speak to anyone who has authority to do anything other than recite insultingly scripted answers back at me. I would be hesitant to simply have this unit replaced with another of the same model for fear that problem will recur, unless design issues are fixed. I do not want to have to deal with Maytag (Whirlpool, Amana...etc) again.Don't buy this dishwasher, folks. As a matter of fact, stay away from Maytag altogether.12/4/12: 3rd UPDATE TO ABOVE: After filing BBB complaint In March of 2012, Maytag contacted me in under 2 weeks and (FINALLY) agreed to replace the defective dishwasher. They made sure I understood that they were doing me a favor lt;sigh&gt;. New model, Maytag #MDBH979SAB arrived/installed in May. So far, so good. Fingers crossed. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:38:15	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52527528	Do not buy. Stopped working 3 times in 2 years. After one year warranty period Whirlpool wants $300 to fix it. Front panel is blown and control board needs to be replaced. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:38:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
35399935	I live in a little log cabin in Alaska and don't have a dishwasher When the gravity defying stacks of culinary procrastination became too much to bear(I hate doing the dishes) I caved and bought this little guy. I should have bought it a year ago-while I have only done one load so far it is everything I hoped for and more. Super easy to set up, the adaptor fit the faucet with no problems, and out come sparkly clean dishes.I'll report back in a few months and let everyone know how it has held up 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:38:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52574238	I love this dishwasher. Perfect size to do a load of dishes for a family of 4,minus pots and pans. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:40:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56678514	Just got this dishwasher a few weeks ago.  So far works like a charm.  Works much better than our old frigidare which came with the house.  Much quieter.  The pots and pans setting takes a pretty long time, but it does a great job of cleaning  really dirty dishes.  I use finish powerball tabs and have gotten great results so far.  Since I haven't had the dishwasher very long I will update this review at a later time.  I like the fact that this washer has two sprayer arms (one for bottom rack and one for top rack)  Gives you more room to more dishes on bottom rack as opposed to the one arm that extends up through the center like my old fridgidare.I did not buy this dishwasher from Amazon ($461.00 is too expensive. Lowe's has them for $279 right now).  I bought mine from a small local buisness in my hometown.  A little more expensive than lowes but installation was cheaper so it evened out.  Plus I got to support local buisness instead of a giant megacorporation.The guy who installed the washer said they have not had any problems with this model and he thought it was a good washer.  He did warn me though not to put leftover corn grits or cornmeal in it if I could help it. He said they can get in the pump and clog it up because they swell.  I imagine this would be the case with most diswashers. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:40:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53415424	We bought this from Sears in 08/10. After using it for a couple weeks we found you need to run it on heavy/sanitize after you pre-rinse everything to have any chance of getting clean dishes. A month ago it broke and the parts are still on order with no estimated arrival date (the Sears people keep saying they are in transit). Hopefully, the second breakdown will be in the warranty period as well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:40:01	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
58006823	It's hard to believe this thing is running sometimes; which is why it shines a red light on the floor when it's running. You have to sit stock still and listen to hear it running; normal conversation volume is enough to drown it out.When I ran the first load I was skeptical; I thought maybe because it was so quiet the wash cycle would be too gentle and the dishes wouldn't be very clean. I was proven wrong; this thing is INDUSTRIAL. When you open the dishwasher right after a cycle has finished, it's like opening a hot gas oven. Glassware comes out spotless, even without spot remover, just because it gets so hot. Despite this, it's very efficient even on the heavy setting; I haven't tried the half-load setting. I can actually run the washing machine at the same time, or hot tap water, and not notice a difference. Because it gets so hot, most larger particles basically get disintegrated, so there is rarely any food left in the food trap. I was reluctant to buy at first because it doesn't have a disposal; but the heat is so effective it doesn't really need one, and you shouldn't really be putting dishes with huge food particles in a dishwasher anyway. We aren't obsessive; we'll scrape large amounts of food into the compost bin and then give it a quick rinse, and that's more than enough. The heat is also very effective against grease; everything comes out incredibly squeaky.We have a small one story home and sleep with the bedroom door open; we can run this thing while we are sleeping and you hardly know it's on. It's very roomy and has an all-stainless-steel interior.I also very much like the thin third rack at the top; it keeps larger utensils and knives out of the silverware basket.The controls are very straightforward, simple and industrial with a simple red lcd display.The only thing I don't like about it that when it finishes, it will continue to beep quite loudly until you turn it off. It might turn off after a while on its own, but it's so loud I usually turn it off manually. There might be a way to disable this but I haven't gotten around to looking it up yet.I have to say, it's well worth the price tag. I never thought I would say a dishwasher is sexy. I might be biased by the fact that our old machine was dead for almost a year before we got a replacement; but everything about this machine is solid. You get what you pay for, and this thing is incredible. If you are thinking of getting another dishwasher because of the price, I would recommend saving up for this one; you seriously won't regret it. Of course it depends on your priorities; if you're willing to tolerate the extra noise and less efficiency and effectiveness at cleaning to save some dough - and I'll be honest, you could save quite a lot, a thousand or more - then a cheaper model might be good enough for you. If you want the absolute best as far as efficiency, cleaning power, quietness and solid engineering, and you can afford it outright or save up for it, definitely get this model. Certainly the best dishwasher I've ever used; can't speak highly enough about it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:40:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
37733203	SPT Countertop Dishwasher, WhiteAWESOME is the word for this dishwasher.  As the saying goes, I'm a happy camper!  No negatives in this review!  I am most pleased, to say the least.  VERY quiet operation ... barely know it's running.  Does an excellent job of cleaning the dishes, and the dishes are dry in a matter of minutes, after the dishwashing cycle has ended.  I wouldn't hesitate to purchase the SPT Countertop Dishwasher, again, and I definitely wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to others.  Without a doubt, it's a keeper!!Marcia  :o) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:40:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66411133	Ordered this diswasher as I am doing a kitchen redo.  Very happy with quality and design 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53988342	I live in a very small apt with a roommate and we both hateeee doing dishes-so I invested the money into this dishwasher. It fits on a shelf in our kitchen and its as easy as taking it out of the box and plugging it in!!! Super quiet and the dishes/pots/glasses are all SPOTLESS! best money ive ever spent! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50047598	We did considerable research when choosing a replacement for our 8-year old Kenmore, a dishwasher for which we had nothing but praise until the control module died. Our choices were narrowed to the Electrolux and Bosch based primarily on operating noise and energy efficiency. After seeing both models in the store, and with strong encouragement from three families, we chose the Bosch. After 1 week of use it was clear neither my wife nor I actually LIKED the Bosch - we were just a bit timid about sharing our dislike with one another given how much we spent. Our assessments were the same - quiet, cleans dishes well, but the dishwasher racks seemed completely unsuitable for our dishes. It seems rather silly that one should feel the need to buy new dishes to accommodate a dishwasher.PROS: very quiet, lots of fold-down tines, cleans very well with only a modest amount of cleaning powder, and safely handles plastic ware given the lack of a heated drying cycle.CONS: the peculiar rack designs, especially the top rack and the silverware holders, keep the load sizes down. We estimate 3 Bosch loads are the equivalent of 2 loads in the old Kenmore.The top rack is split 50% for bowls and saucers, 50% for everything else. There is no convenient place for the cooking utensils such as cooking spoons and spatulas, so plan on putting them in odd spots. There are fold-up shelves along the right hand side of the upper rack, but using them is done at the expense of 1/2 of the space for mugs and glasses (unless you drink solely from shot glasses).The bottom rack is 65% plates, 25% flexible enough to handle whatever fits, and 10% for the silverware basket. The silverware basket holds considerably less than the size might suggest primarily due to the 12 internal compartments; the low height of the sides preclude anything longer than a table knife. The beveled corners of the bottom rack prevent washing our 14 x 20 HDPE cutting board in this washer - it just doesn't fit no matter how we try.All this makes for a VERY expensive dishwasher neither of us love. The next time we research dishwashers, we're bringing the dishes with us.Update:After 3 months, our love for this dishwasher has yet to grow.  The door has slowly developed a hitch, a resistance to fully opening, which is becoming progressively more annoying.  We are still amazed that a company with a superb reputation for design and quality would result in such a disappointment.It is now 5 months, and I think hatred mixed with considerable buyers remorse describes my opinion of this machine.  If the economy had not augered itself into the ground, this thing would be an eBay candidate.  On a somewhat more useful note, the issue is the deepness of bowls and diameter of cups.  When shallow or small, things are fine.  It is quite unfortunate mine are neither.  There is no help for the utensil basket however.  Dark, shallow, and excessively divided into small compartments, knife handles must go down (leaving the nicely sharp point up), spoons MUST go up (or they nest together with all-to-predictable results, and no hope for putting in measuring cups greater than 1/4 cup capacity.  I'm done whining on this one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:43:03	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
21372887	This is a great little space saving machine!  It cleans marvelously, is easy to use, and features a stainless steel interior!  It really surprised me with how well it cleans.  Dishes came out sparkly.I think this little machine does a better job than some of the older, larger dishwasher models for sure and the price makes everything sweeter.The rollers on the bottom make it easy for one person to 'install' and move as needed.Mechanical dials are simple and durable.I am glad I purchased this machine.This Danby is a little star! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54134000	The unit is an undeniable 4 start product.  Overall it does what it was designed to do.It was very easy to install (set on countertop and hook up to faucet).  The faucet adapterworked first time, and every time.  No leaks. And that is a big deal to me.  The intake anddump hoses were easy to thread.  Again, no leaks on first (and every) use.The only downside is that my dishes are a bit big for the unit.But that is not the dishwasher's fault. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:43:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66139237	I've had this for almost 2 months.  So far so good it's still running like a champ.  Wasn't too hard to hook up the adapter that came with it; hooked right up to the faucet.  Took a minute to understand when the machine was complete because it didn't specify that feature in the directions.  Overall for what I needed it for it gets the job done. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:45:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
5604373	I purchased a used LDF8812ST which appeared to be in excellent shape and based on my experience with other LG products. I found soap scum on the inside of the door and assuming I needed a new soap dispenser I ordered a service call. I was told it was normal for this model, told how to clean the scum off with vinegar at a cost of $71. After use I found some dishes were not clean but I could rinse the food off the dishes with tap water. On subsequent washings we used granular, Paks and liquid soap with no help to get clean dishes. Others have told us they had the same problem and found if they used the POTS cleaning method versus NORMAL method, dishes do come out clean. We still have to scrub the dishes and silverware before we load them into the dishwasher! I conclude we made a BAD decision in buying this product!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:45:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
46018130	I purchased the Danby after much research about portable dishwashers (different sizes, price points, etc). I wanted to get something a bit smaller, but many countertop options wouldn't work well with the kitchen in my apartment. I wasn't about to carry a 50-75lb dishwasher from the counter to the basement everytime I needed to do dishes, plus the Danby was only 100 dollars more than many countertops. This machine was $350 which I thought was a pretty good price for what you get, here's why.....I got the dishwasher quickly and was relieved to see how well packaged it was. I knew the dimensions of the product, but was still surprised to see how big it really was in person. Sturdy plastic outer case and all stainless steel inside. The top of the dishwasher is a very hard tough plastic that I plan on using as extra counter space. I'm kind of limited in my kitchen so this was a great surprise. I was expecting something flimsier and not able to withstand much weight, but again, this dishwasher seems very well built. I've read some reviews that said the manual is not clear about how to set everything up and some people struggled, but it seemed like most of it was common sense to me. Everything hooked right up, only took a minute or two. I might add though, depending on your faucet, make sure you have some teflon plumber's tape handy to put on the threads of the adapter. If you don't put any on, it'll leak pretty badly. I made that mistake. Once I corrected that, though, not a drip in sight.So far the machine works great! First run, I put in a bunch of spaghetti bowls from 3 nights ago, along with the silverware with dried on sauce. I ran a normal cycle (not pots and pans), and everything came out crystal clear. Not a speck in sight. I've run 3 more loads since then, and all are the same story. Perfectly crystal clear and shiny like new. I've read some reviews that said people had some issues getting everything to come clean, and I'm wondering if maybe those people are using cheaper detergent. I use Cascade Complete with Dawn and that has worked perfectly so far.This is the first day I have had the product, so I can't say anything about reliability. I will repost in a few months with an update on how well it is doing. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:45:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
46278350	You can have clean plates, dishes, pots...if you want your glasses to have nasty little baked on pieces of crap, in which you have to soak them for a day or more to get them clean. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:45:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
69291865	Didn't expect that a countertop dishwasher was going to be up to much.. however, this works great so far!Leaks a little bit into the sink when the adapter is connected, but that's really not a problem. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 02:45:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
20258732	We have had this dishwasher for about a year and a half, and love how quiet it is, and how good it looks.  As other reviewers have noted, there are several crippling design flaws that make me wish we had purchased a different unit:- Cheap plastic components break off and get sucked into the food disposal, but are never fully ground up, and create a terrible buzzing noise when the unit is draining.  The upper shelf has an adjustable height, but ours is not adjustable anymore, since the clips used for the adjustment have broken into unusable pieces.- Circuit board design is flawed; read the other reviews for the details, but going outside to flip the breaker multiple times per day to get the unit to turn on was tiring.Even after a service call to replace the circuit board and remove the plastic parts from the drain 6 months ago, our new circuit board is displaying error codes and not allowing the dishwasher to function.  Frustrating. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:49:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
24647140	From the mixed reviews, I had my reservations about this product. I was worried about everything from the dishwasher being damaged during shipping to the ease of setting it up, as well as its cleaning capabilities. My biggest worry was having to deal with bad customer service, which was a major theme from some of the worst reviews I read back in February when I made this purchase. I am extremely happy to report, after 8 months of continuous use (at least once a day  sometimes twice a day), that this little dishwasher has proven itself to be an essential part of our tiny kitchen.First, let me report the negatives. Some of the worries I had were not entirely unfounded. The dishwasher arrived in a relatively flimsy box with almost no protection (e.g., styrofoam, packing peanuts) except for the cardboard itself. My order arrived undamaged but I can easily see how others may not be so lucky. After unboxing the dishwasher, there were very few instructions in the booklet provided but, admittedly, there are very few things to do to actually set it up. Being a relatively handy person, I figured out how to attach the product  make it work in about 15 minutes. My faucet has an aerator at the end where the water comes out  all I had to do was unscrew that piece  screw on the funnel-shaped attachment piece that came with the dishwasher. I do not remember any other details about the attachment process (since it was 8 months ago) but I can see how someone less handy would be frustrated with the lack of instructions. Lastly, the electrical cord that comes with this unit is not very long (~3 ft). Since the dishwasher has to be placed at or above the level of the sink for proper drainage  it needs to be close to the faucet for water intake, I imagine that some people would have problems with the short electrical cord if there is not an outlet near the kitchen sink.Overall, I would say that the negatives I mentioned are minor, given your order arrives in working  undamaged conditions.Now here are the major pluses. This dishwasher does an excellent job of properly cleaning our dishes, cutleries, tupperwares,  even small pots  pans that fit inside. No pre-rinsing is necessary as long as all large pieces of food are removed. Since we do not let food harden onto our dishes before we wash them, I cannot speak to its capabilities in that respect. One of the 3 options for running the dishwasher is rinse  I suppose that anyone who wants to let the dishes sit over night can just use this function to rinse them so that food would not harden onto them. The other two options are normal  heavy. Most of the time, we just use the normal option but we do like the heavy option when we manage to fit a lot of things in there or when we think they are especially greasy. As far as I can tell, all this latter option does is washing them longer with an extra cycle of rinse as well.I think that there are 2 variables that are very important in terms of getting dishes clean; they are the water temperature  the placement of the things that you want to clean. The hot water in our building is already very hot  that certainly helps to get the grease off. There is also a heating element in the dishwasher that makes the water scolding hot  most things come out squeaky clean because of that. As for the placement of things inside the dishwasher, it can be a little tricky to optimize what little space there is. As advertised, we have no problems fitting a 4-person place setting, with 4 large plates, 4 little plates, 4 sets of cutleries,  4 mugs. With just two of us eating most of the time, it usually means that we can do a day's worth of dishes at night. We find that it is easiest to leave things outside of the dishwasher until there is enough for a load  then figure out what should go where. It can be like a puzzle but it's really not too bad.One final tip is that by default, the vent function is turned on. This is supposed to help dry things inside but we do not use it as we find that air drying works best  saves energy. In our unit, there was no instruction of how not use that option. By trial  error, we figured out that by pressing one of the option button twice (i.e., pressing normal twice for the normal option), the vent function is turned off.Overall, we love our little Haier dishwasher. We have saved lots of time, effort,  water by not doing handwashing  it fits great in our tiny place. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:49:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46274610	Ordered this dishwasher based on others reviews and it really is a great value for the money. As others have stated it would be even nicer if it had a rinse cycle. It gets all the dishes really clean and is much better than the one we replaced. It took a while to be shipped, around three weeks, but when it did ship it was here the next day. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:49:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58563246	Bought this dishwasher in 2009.  Everytime I use the half-load or pots and pan cycle halfway through the cycle the door pops open.  We have to hold door closed to empty machine and then wash dishes by hand.  Then it has to be unplugged to reset.  Maybe then it works, if not have to wash by hand.  We thought plumber didn't install correctly so he has been back 3 times and Bosch repairman once.  Today Bosch repairman notified us that this is a known problem and a stiffener repair kit has to be installed in order for door to stay closed when tub heats up.  So obviously Bosch is aware of the problem, but they continue to market and sell them without the consumers knowledge.  I am very disappointed in the product and their service after the sale.  Don't buy this dishwasher - you will have problems. I won't buy another Bosch product. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:49:33	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
22678647	I want to start out by saying that I never write reviews -but, this needed to be written so that I have the piece of mind of knowing that if I have prevented even one person from buying this piece of crap-I will feel a little better about the situation.  I bought this dishwasher about a year and a half ago.  I am a simple person and I explained to the salesman that I didn't need a fancy dishwasher-just one that washes and dries the dishes.  I was told this would fit the bill because it did not have the meaningless features of the higher price models-while not compromising on the ability to clean and dry the dishes.  From the day it was installed-it has been a nightmare.  After about a month-there was a foul odor coming from the dishwasher. I pulled the dishwasher out-and discovered that it had slowly been leaking dirty water and food under the unit-repairman came and replaced hose.  This entire process has been repeated 2 more times in the last year.  Then, about a month ago, the dishwasher started sounding like it was constantly running-I had repairman come and he told me that it was either the control panel or the motor itself-replacing either would cost about 200 each.  My husband and I decided to scrap this and buy another unit-after only 18 months.  The repairman and I removed the unit and I cannot even begin to describe to you the amount of damage this machine has done to the floor and the inside of the cabinets that are adjacent to it.  I will never, EVER buy a frigidaire product again. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 02:49:33	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38134382	This has got to be the loudest dishwasher I've ever heard. It does seem to clean fairly well. I would not buy another. But at least it's installed in a place that I don't care how loud it is. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 03:01:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
28613128	This dishwasher is a piece of JUNK!!! I bought this and had it installed and it has only been run 10 times or so over the last year and it does not wash the dishes!!! Dishes seem to come out more dirty! Also, mine came with a big dent in the back of it!I spent more on this little dishwasher because I have a small kitchen now  I wish I would have just made the space for a larger one that would actually work. Now I am stuck with dishwasher in my kitchen that doesn't work. This was such a waste of 422.00! If you want a small dishwasher I DO NOT suggest buying this one.What makes it even better is that I'm pretty much stuck with it because there is no warranty or customer service.Don't waste your time or money on this brand!!! It is horrible! 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 03:01:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
49968606	We got this dishwasher when we were renovating the gutted house we bought. I was doing so many things (floors/cabinets/walls/electrical/construction) that I just went into Best Buy and randomly picked appliances. The first year the dishwasher started leaking from the lower right onto the floor. The Frigidaire warranty was still in effect so I called them and they came out and replaced the  side splash guards, the bottom splash guard and the door gasket. The side and door splash guards were visibly ripped. The leaking stopped.2 years later the same leak appeared. So called the home warranty company and they came out and did the same thing, replacing those parts and the leak stopped again. So if you own one of these and are getting leaks out of the front, check the gasket that runs around the tub and seals to the door. Costs $8 to replace and its easy to push in and replace yourself. My 7 year old could replace it, its that easy.The dishwasher was also very quiet when we first got it, couldn't even tell it was running. Well 2.5 years later and its louder. I asked the repairman about this and he said over time the quiet motors just get louder and louder.Avoid this dishwasher, unless it is like on sale for like $20 then the $8-20 of parts you need to buy every year shouldn't matter too much. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 03:01:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
44512051	I bought this dishwasher one and a half years ago. Soon after its one year warranty expired, it stopped working. It seems the little clips of the basket adjuster are extremely flimsy and keep breaking off. Some of them got stuck in the drain and the machine would not work. When the technicians had a look, they told me that they have seen this happen several times and even if I buy new adjusters, they too will break and I'll keep having the same problem. The company guarantees the trays for 5 years, but the adjusters that hold them are not under guarantee! I'm extremely disappointed. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 03:01:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
21343452	I purchased this 8 months ago to replaced an el cheapo unit from costco which came with the house we bought. Having a well and very hard water, there wasn't so many dishwasher which has built in water softener, Many of the German units do(including Bosch)  I can't recall why i picked this over the Bosch but I've been very happy with it.  The racks are very flexible and are painted over stainless steel, which means when the paint does chip off the trays, you won't see rust. how cool is that?  So far, it's consumed 1 box of salt in about 7 months. I've experimented with a few detergents, so far the electrosol brand with the ball in the middle works best, but I'll try another brand later.  There are a few grips i have to say.  There is a 1 digit numeric LED on the front and a bunch of led lights for status, The only time the LED numbers show up is when you use the dishwasher with the delay feature which is to me pointless because this thing is so freaking quiet.  programming the amount of salt  rinse aid is abit of a joke, going back to the numeric led. instead of giving you the actual number, you have to count on the number of blinks on the led status light! wow. silly very silly.As for advertising the reprogrammability of the unit - I'm not sure why they'd even need this, it's not exactly HDMI where the standards keep revolving. it's a freaking dishwasher. ;)  @ 1500 dollars it's a hard purchase for us, but it's been pretty good so far. If you have hard water, rather then buy an all home water softener, you can buy this dishwasher or some of the Bosche/Thermodor(same company).  I couldn't find a US made dishwasher which has that built in, otherwise  i would have gotten a GE or Maytag.  Overall great unit, very quiet.  it runs while we watch tv, no issue at all.  My last unit before we moved was a maytag, it was pretty noisy, i always timed it to run at 5 or 6 am in the morning so I wouldn't have to hear it clunking away. 	Jsargent	10-27-2015 03:01:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
57419891	Replaced a 12 year old Bosch with this one. New one is much quieter. But difficult to load (particularly bowls). Doesn't have the water heater my old one had. Doesn't grind and dispose food like the old one- silly filter to empty. AND...worst of all... half the dishes in the upper rack come out with little bits of grit dried on if I don't totally rinse everything (which I never used to do and which the experts say not to do.) I thought it was just me, until reading all of the reviews here. Obviously, these are common concerns. I want my old dishwasher back!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:36:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
55380731	I purchased this KitchenAid after my 13 year old Bosch finally fell apart. At first while using Cascade powder dishsoap I did not like this machine. It was not cleaning at all. Well, it was not the dishwasher itself, I found it was the Cascade. I now use Finish Powerball Tabs. The dishes are coming out sparkling clean. This washer is super quiet! Very happy with my decision to buy this KitchenAid! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:36:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82406479	Electronic panel broke after 2 1/2 years.  Very disappointing.  Repair cost 186.00 for parts and 159.00 for service charge.  A lot to put into such a young dishwasher.  They do not build appliances to last! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:36:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52098659	I can hardly hear it running!It cleans dishes much better than our 19 year old KitchenAid.Hate the controls and indicators.  They're on the top of the door where they can't be seen.  Can't tell if dishes were washed, rinsed, or nothing. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:36:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
48357524	We just bought this to replace a Bosh.  The Bosh was highly rated in Consumer Reports but it drove us crazy when cooking sheets or casserole dishes couldn't fit.  We actually have two dishwashers, side by side in out kitchen so that when one is full, we can start the next. We seldom have to get out the hand dishwashing soap. We had a Maytag and a Bosh and found that the maytag fit the big stuff and Bosh didn't. We went shoping with this in mind and found that the Maytag models had the best racks.  The top rack has a shallow side and deep side.  So the cookie sheets have plenty of room on Left where the top is shallow. We love loading in those big items that actually fit. If you use a dishwasher just for plates and cups it just doesn't matter. We may be lazy but we like to put everything possible in the dishers.  THANK YOU Maytag designers for making the best racks out there! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:36:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77611446	love this dishwasher! i live in a one bedroom so this is perfect for me. jsut beware it's REALLY heavy. just taking it out of the box was a pain for me, so i ended up buying a rolling cart to drag this to and from my closet when not in use. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:39:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
63390356	Update - April 2012 and it still is working great.  Once you figure out how to load it and what works it becomes really easy, I wouldn't trade it !I think if you have had a problem with the dishes getting clean you first want to check your water hardness and rinse agent.  Also you need to make sure you run your water and it is HOT before you attach the hoses to start the dishes.  If you don't have the hoses attached tight enough or properly, it's going to leak.  Every time I plug it in, I always give the hoses a glance just in case, since I am moving it back and forth.  Also I have to drain the hoses into a bowl after each wash.  I lift the hose high in the air and even more water flows into the bowl I use for that purpose.-----Quick facts -- It's packed really well, it will take you more than a few minutes to get it out of all the packing.-I have this on a cart that is 19x27.5 .  It fits great with about 5 inches left on the end, and an inch in the front.  Make sure it is a sturdy kitchen cart I would recommend.  It would not fit under my cabinets,  I needed one more inch.-When you first get it out of the box and before you start doing the dishes on a regular basis the drain hoses will be less pliable, just make sure that the connections on the back are tight before you turn the water on and you will be good to go.  The second time I used it some water sprayed out because we had been moving the hoses to drain the extra water.-You do have to change your faucet head. (!!!!!!) ( They supply the one you need ! ) If you've already had a portable dishwasher you already know this.  A cheapy faucet in general is probably the only way you will be making the new connection fit easily.  It just screws on to your faucet head fairly easily if you have a regular plain old faucet.  We actually had to take out the faucet we had before for a cheaper version, but that was worth it not to do dishes by hand and being that we didn't want to tear out cabinets and pay someone to install a built in.- Read the placement chart for the dishes.  Big plates go up front and they should fit fine.  I do cups on the side, bowls along the back along with small plates where I can fit them.- The water usage is listed as liters on the cycle chart in the manual, not gallons.  A normal wash will use about 3.5 gallons of water, or 13.6 liters.-------------------------When we first got it and my husband looked inside he asked do you like this ? with a note of pessimism. And I was unsure at first because it was smaller.I've gone from a full size portable to this size after the first one broke fairly quickly.This size works well for a family of 4.  Sometimes I do 2-3 loads a day. It depends of what I've cooked. Usually it's 1-2.It might be small, but it cleans the dishes well.Cycle info -You can do a regular load of lightly soiled dishes with milk and juice residue, crumbs and ketchup, in 50 minutes on the light cycle that doesn't have a dry time.  It's called speed and it is 30 minutes less than light, it just doesn't take 30 minutes to dry the dishes.  So a lot of times, that will work for me.  When you open the the door a lot of steam escapes and they get dry quickly enough on their own.  The normal cycle has 3 pre rinses, and 1 wash cycle, and 2 rinses.  The speed cycle has 2 pre-rinses and 1 wash cycle and 1 rinse.I've used all kinds of detergent and they all work well.  I am using a powder at the moment.And also, I think it is common sense that you have to be careful that the spatula or other objects don't obstruct the spinning arm below the basket.  It could maybe use a few more well placed built in metal tines if I could think of any improvements.I bought a square trade warranty after my last issue with a portable, not sure that I will need it, but you can search for the appliance one for the 250-300 dollar coverage. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:39:18	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
53456080	PROS:  Attractive exterior, quiet operation, gets dishes clean and very dry.CONS:  Holds fewer dishes than my old Kenmore Elite.  No special holder for large utensils or odd-shaped items like thermal cup tops.  No exterior light to indicate the drying cycle is done (there's an annoying series of beeps which can be disabled).  An on-off switch and start switch both have to be pushed to begin a cycle, an unnecessary hassle. Design of the racks is very odd: the tines are at an angle, not straight up and down.  I guess the designers wanted better dish contact with the hot water and soap, but it's nearly impossible to load cups and glassware.  They simply refuse to fit securely.Based on the high rating in Consumer Reports I expected a much better unit than this.UPDATE:  I've had the unit for 14 months.  The soap dispenser won't stay closed,  and the rinse aid dispenser leaks out the back so I have to keep refilling it all the time.  VERY disappointing purchase.  Next time I'll stick with Kenmore. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:39:18	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81222406	I have a small apartment with no dishwasher. I have been making do for years but finally broke down and got this portable dishwasher. So glad I did. While I didn't mind all that much doing dishes, it was hard for me to get them squeaky clean by hand. Not anymore. I still do my cookware by hand but now I just rinse the dishes and silverware and stick them in the dishwasher. I only need to run it about once a week and the dishes come out sparkling. It was easy to set up, is quiet, and doesn't use a lot of water. Should have gotten one a long time ago. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:39:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48328377	2/6/2014I still have this dishwasher and it's working fine. It turns out that the problem I had was from freezing! I live in Minnesota and the hose bringing the water to the machine can freeze. So, I have to pull it out once in awhile to blow a hair dryer on it during the winter since I don't run the washer very often. The dishwasher was installed in 2006 and it's still going strong, so I wanted to come back and update my review.I would still prefer buttons over the knob to turn it on, but thanks to the the comment on my previous review, I turn the knob before I close the door and it works better. That's not how the directions read in the owners manual, however. So - heads up everyone. Turn the knob to the cycle you want before you shut the door.This dishwasher came with my house and was new when I moved in 4 years ago.  I have already had to have someone come out to fix it. I only run it about twice a week, so this was disappointing.  It is now broken again.  I think I will replace it instead of fixing it this time.I also do not like the knob to turn it on. You have to twist it past several other cycles to get it to the normal cycle and it clicks on and off while you do this.  It's a little challenge to stop it at normal and not twist past.  Buttons would be much better. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:39:18	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
84175645	Because I use a wheelchair, dishwashers with a big door that extends into the kitchen are not my friend.  After visiting dish drawers in three appliance stores and checking reviews, I selected this one for my new lowered kitchen island.  I didn't really have a choice since a normal dishwasher was too tall.It looks great but I find myself handwashing dishes a lot more often now. Not only do I accidentally bump controls on the top edge whenever I am loading or unloading it, it doesn't seem to get the dishes very clean and they even get mildewy if not unloaded quickly.  I was particularly disappointed about that as I'd read about people in chairs who installed two dishdrawers and were able to simply shift dishes between drawers--using them clean from one drawer and placing dirty ones into the other.  That's a big deal because putting dishes away is a daunting task from the height of a wheelchair.In addition, I've since learned I have to run the hotwater to warm up before running the dishdrawer or the cycle will last more than an hour.  I'm so disappointed since I don't get a do-over.  It is easier to load but holds far less than I'd hoped.  Proceed with caution if you're considering one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:42:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
16200840	The instructions were a bit sparse, and I had to spend an hour at Home Depot looking for an adapter (I have an old sink).  It doesn't do well on really dirty dishes, but if you give them a cursory rinse in the sink, this thing gets em clean.  I like it a lot! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:42:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
44349433	This dishwasher was purchased in January 2011. The control panel (dim lights that wouldn't turn off) was replaced in Jan 2013, for the #34;small#34; cost of a diagnostic visit plus labor ($225). Eleven months later and it's doing the same thing. It's also now shutting off before the end of a cycle. Kitchenaid refuses to do anything until I pay the $125 diagnostic fee AGAIN and then if it's the exact same part, they will replace it, but I will have to pay the labor charge as well. Yes, that almost $500 in repair costs for a $600 3-year-old dishwasher. We've opted to not do anything, wait til it dies completely and just buy a dishwasher from another company. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:42:57	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
84487157	Single guy in small apt using this dishwasher. It works well. Although I must rinse the dishes because it's not super powerful. Still it beats the sink being full of dishes and def. works for me. I would recommend this to others. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:42:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
48449042	Great product, very pleased with the quality and performance.  I would recommend this dishwasher to others and would buy it again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:42:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56219921	We had a dishwasher that was builder grade.  It was loud, but it cleaned our dishes.  We bought this dishwasher because we wanted a quiet, high quality dishwasher.  Well, it is quiet, but it does not clean the dishes!!We called the store that we purchased the dishwasher from after 1 week, but they would not do anything for us.  They told us we had to call Maytag for any assistance.Maytag's suggestions were:* Run the hot water in the sink before we run the dishwasher to make sure that the water entering the dishwasher is hot enough to clean the dishes* Use more dish washing detergent* Completely rinse our dishes before we put them in the dishwasher (even though this dishwasher's description says, There's no need to rinse off dried-on food thanks to the ToughScrub option and a powerful 4-blade stainless steel chopper.)* Make sure we load the dishwasher properly.So, for me, this means that I am stuck with a useless dishwasher for the next few years that cost way too much for me to have to go through all these steps for clean dishes! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:45:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28805455	Had a Miele at the last house.  New house had ancient, noisy kitchen aide.  Thought we could do with an upgrade, so ended up getting this one because it was on sale, and I loved the utensil rack of the Miele.  Pros:  very quiet, and doesn't use a lot of water.  Cons:  does not clean all that well (pasta sauce still sticks to plastic), utensil rack prevents washing long stemmed wine glasses, stuff still comes out wet, even with the sanitize option, long wash cycles, sometimes utensil rack sticks and prevents door from shutting, utensil rack not user friendly.  All in all very disheartening given the cost.  I wish I had just paid the extra to get another Miele.To show I'm not just a grump, I loved my Nissan Maxima. . . cuisinart griddler is great. . . Creative computer speakers are great. . .etc. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:45:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
63763266	Detergent tray not emptying so I bought gel-pacs. Same problem so I read the loading instructions. The silverware basket interferes with the spray from the lower spray arm. You almost have to leave the middle of the silverware basket empty. Some engineer really screwed this one up. I have never been so disappointed with a GE appliance in my life. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:45:01	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
62386222	We are a family of five with standard home kitchen use.  We wanted a dishwasher that cleans well, is simple to use, and has a steel tub.  We wanted the stainless tub to avoid the ugly stains that every other washer I have ever owned invetibably got.  However, an added bonus outside of looks, is that with a steel tub you can easily side mount the dishwasher, which is a must if you own granite or stone counter tops.  We installed the machine ourselves and have owned it for a little over a month:1.  Super quiet at 52dB and does not interfere with conversations, tv, radio, or anything while running.2.  Very easy to use and simple control set up3. Stainless tub and used to side mount4.  Bottom has wide channels for the water and electrical hook ups, which made installation much easier.5.  Water connection is in the front for easy access, again making installation easy.6.  Cleans our stemware and coffe cups better than any machine I have ever owned.  Absolutely no residue.7.  Pots and pans cleaned well with no pre-rinse or scrubbing on my part.8.  The bowl placement for the top rack is not as good as it appears in the pictures, but the bottom rack handles them very well.  Top is good too, but you have to space them every third or second post.9.  The top rack is adjustable and has mounts for stem ware, and as wine drinkers, I have loved this function.10.  I have never owned an LG before, but based on my experience so far, I would buy again and recommend to anyone. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:45:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43872734	I love mine!  Ive been using my koldfront for a week now and I absolutely love it!  It didnt leak and it fits perfectly in my tiny kitchen.  Ive heard reviews that they leak and they do not clean very well but I guess I was lucky to get one that was in good shape because it cleans the dishes just fine!  Of course you have to make sure the dishes are not full of cruddy stuck on food particles, but that could happen in any dishwasher.  I guess I just didnt expect too much out of a countertop washer and it surpassed my expectations!  I finally have time to spend with my children instead of spending every night slaving over the sink!  If you have a tiny kitchen and are doing dishes by hand and HATE it, then buy this product!!!  Follow the instructions and tips from the 4 star review from Busy mom!  The only thing I would add is Before you start using this, Run it through the 10 minute test cycle to make sure it doesnt leak!  If it does then get it replaced!  The company should work with you to replace non working parts or the entire machine!  Good luck and I hope everyones works as well for you as it does for me! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:45:01	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20258732	We have had this dishwasher for about a year and a half, and love how quiet it is, and how good it looks.  As other reviewers have noted, there are several crippling design flaws that make me wish we had purchased a different unit:- Cheap plastic components break off and get sucked into the food disposal, but are never fully ground up, and create a terrible buzzing noise when the unit is draining.  The upper shelf has an adjustable height, but ours is not adjustable anymore, since the clips used for the adjustment have broken into unusable pieces.- Circuit board design is flawed; read the other reviews for the details, but going outside to flip the breaker multiple times per day to get the unit to turn on was tiring.Even after a service call to replace the circuit board and remove the plastic parts from the drain 6 months ago, our new circuit board is displaying error codes and not allowing the dishwasher to function.  Frustrating. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:48:08	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
36077150	Very easy to hook up to the sink, it also come with the necessary supplies for permanent installation under the sink. I would never be able to get 6 place setting in this dishwasher as the description states, but maybe 4.  It does a terrific job of cleaning the dishes, and I am very pleased with it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:48:08	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83197686	Had a Bosch dishwasher at the old house for 5 years with no problems. This one is a poor substitute and more expensive than the Bosch. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:48:08	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes	specific complaints not listed	false
53019900	Bought this one because it was a Consumer Reports Best Buy.  It has a MUCH larger capacity than my old one, which is good and bad, because I only like to run it when it's filled. It's also much quieter and I love the control panel.  Overall it's a good machine, but I HATE HATE HATE the silverware basket.  It's way too small and if you put anything tall on the left side, the soap door won't open.  Plus, the basket is made so the front can swing open, which it tends to do when I least expect it.  I wish I'd kept the basket from my old dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:48:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44864105	If you are looking for a very quiet dishwasher, but don't have concern for if your dishes are actually cleaned this is for you.  The Miele Futura Dimension is super quiet, you can't even tell it is on.  And when it is done, you also won't really be able to tell if it has run from looking at your dishes  silverware.  Because it doesn't do a very good job washing dishes.The finish  look is great, the loading is difficult, and the silverware draw thing is cumbersome to load, but you could also just put your silverware away dirty, or give them a quick rinse because that is basically what the dishwasher does.The long cycles are not a problem for us, as we only do dishes once a day, so having the machine running for such a long time isn't a big deal.In summary:  Great quiet dishwasher, except it doesn't get dishes too clean.  Everything else about it is really great. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:48:08	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
82825554	I haven't even connect the unit yet because for $750 apparently they are too cheap to give you a power cord.  Are you kidding me?  $750 and no power cord?  I'm extremely tempted to return it for this reason alone.Shockingly stupid.  Now I get to make a special trip for a power cord.  Ugh. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:51:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71302107	I must have used this Dishwasher for less than 20 times and the control panel gave up....Maytag would not take any responsibility for it and they were so rude that they would not come to look at it because the recall is on the heating element and if it is not operable, they will charge me $150.00 just for the visit. I would go back to the old style panel, because spending all this money for new technology is a total waste. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!! I WOULD NEVER PURCHASE ANYTHING MAYTAG...SIMPLE!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:51:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
64820762	I don't have to do the dishes anymore, hell yeah!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:51:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36418324	I bought this from Bestbuy in 2010, for 600$.  I wish I said yes to there extended 5 year warranty for 99 dollars. What a value that would have been. First the lettering all rubbed off on control panel#60;warranty covered#62; Second the lower rack was twisted and would not go in properly. So I called Samsung and they said i was over loading rack, I stated that I am loading lower rack just like the way the manual pictures, after much arguing I said it does not roll at all with any dishes in it, #60;warranty again#62; 2 year it started making a horrible grinding sound, like an air raid siren. It was so horrible that we never ran dishwasher if we had company and set it to run at 3 in the morning  when we were all sleeping.. 150$ to fix, Then is started getting error 5e low water inside  , did some research online and fixed it myself saving 150$. Now I am getting 4e error, water supply problem , check psi and or water valve is closed under sink. Well its the flow meter not made to specs , so 50$ for the part  and my labor. So this thing has cost me almost 1000$ in 4 years, boy does Samsung know how to make money. They probably copied another manufactures dishwasher like they did with apple phones but just couldn't get it right. SO STAY AWAY FROM SAMSUNG OR MAKE SURE YOU GET THE LONGEST EXTENDED WARRANTY. would give it -5 star 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:51:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
70823618	Overall a decent product but after 2 months of ownership I noticed problems with the touchpad.  No matter what cycle I choose, it reverts to the heavy cycle with high temp.  Also the air dry feature does not work.  Repairman came out and decided it needed a new control board.  Then he found out it was out of stock in the warehouse.  He called Electrolux and they said keypad was bad.  Repairman said he would order both parts just to be sure.  Maybe they have replaced many?  He said they would get back to me.  In the mean time, I have to use the longest, hottest, cycle, or do dishes by hand.  I will review again after repairs... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:51:23	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
83593285	I bought this item in July and had it shipped overseas. When I first tested it, terrible surprise: it was not working!I have talked to a technician to try to fix it and he told me the motherboard is the problem. I have contacted the seller (Compact Appliance) in hope they could help me with something, since there is no way to know if the problem was shipment to my first address or overseas. But at least I was hoping for some kind of help on the new motherboard.After two emails, Compact Appliance told me I should contact Edgestar directly and basically wished me good luck with that.So I know not all of you will buy the dishwasher and ship overseas, but at least you know the kind of customer support they offer at Compact Appliance! I do not recommend it! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:53:49	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78647060	For those of you who hate doing dishes and live in a place with no dishwasher - you need to run - not walk - to get this machine. I have had mine for over 2 years now, and knock on wood, not one single problem. This machine is the best purchase I have made for my home - period. I live in a very small apartment (no not in Manhatten like some of you others, but in Los Angeles) where our buildings are old and not updated as well. I have a small kitchen and even though it takes up precious counter space, it is well worth it. The dishes get so clean! I was afraid the dishes would be greasy or the machine would just pour some water on them and bam. NO WAY! I have put everything i can in it and the Danby scrubs them, and they come out squeaky clean. There are no faults with this product, it is easy to connect and disconnect, and the hose can be easily hidden away behind the machine when not in use. It even has a window in the front of it - so when its running you can shine a flashlight into it and see the dishes being cleaned. Best advice it to use good detergent - I use the Cascade complete and that seems to help all the more. I totally recomend this product and wouldn't flinch for a second to buy another Danby product again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:53:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
74271250	Well, it is now a running joke in our family, that would be funny if the dishwasher hadn't cost $1,500. The joke is, I wish I had my 1/3 the price Kenmore and at least then the dishes would be clean. I certainly would not buy one again, though I think they may not even be available. I could see why if that is the case. You get what you pay for is not always true. Miele Diamonte Series G2143SCSS Full Console Dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:53:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
57315977	The spindle that the wash arm connects to is mounted off axis. Consequently, one side of the wash arm was about an inch higher than the other side and got stuck on the dish rack. I ran the unit once without the dish rack with no change. There is no work around for this, so I returned it to Amazon as defective. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:53:49	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	No Complaint	Yes		false
31638528	So I have been living in apartments for the last 5 years of my life since living on my own, and like a lot of young people, had a habit of letting dishes pile up. I just received this model as a gift, and I am in love! It is quiet, convenient, and when you follow the instructions, it works like a charm. I do have a few small criticisms, though they are vastly outweighed by the positive.Pros:-Quiet: Apart from when it drains water after a rinse cycle, I hardly notice it.-Easy to Assemble: Took maybe five minutes to figure out how to have it up and running.-Effective: When you follow the guidelines for how to load the dishes to get the best clean, the results are unparalleled.-Easy Standby Mode: Since you obviously need to have it hooked up to the sink while it cycles I thought it may be a pain to stop the machine at times when I needed to access the faucet. Boy was I wrong!! It is very simple to quickly pause the cycle, unhitch the tubes, use the sink and then start it back up again! Just one more way this is a product of convenience.Cons:-Less than Stellar Directions: I was a little bit annoyed when reading through the owners manual for the first time. I would have appreciated a more comprehensive step-by-step of what to expect, the way it was formatted was scattered and confusing.-Size: This will be specific to just me, but I found this takes up just a little more counter space than I expected. This is necessary, obviously, so as to be able to fit dishes- but if you have the space you may want to invest in a cart for it.-Time: I will admit, the cycles are a bit longer than I imagined. However, this is of course time that can be spent doing things other than dishes, so this is barely a negative!!-Drying: When the machine had finished I noticed the dishes seemed a bit wetter than is normal with a regular dishwasher, but I think it's fair to expect a small loss of functionality when shrinking a machine down to this size. It's really not hard to just quick run a towel over the dishes while you're putting them away.Overall I am pleased as punch! This has been such a boon for myself and my roommates, and I think this will continue to be a good investment for a long, long time. Thanks for reading! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:53:49	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22377763	Just received my new dishwasher, and it seemed to be working fine but am receiving the error code E1 and no where can I find out what it means. Also the detergent door does not open. The unit also drains very, very slow, nearly 45 minutes to shut off. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:56:31	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32775076	I have had this dishwasher installed for 3 weeks and it had an E:20 error code and stopped working. Bosch has only 2 warranty service companies in Austin TX so wait for service all is days or a week. Then Texas distribution center in Dallas is not stocked with parts so parts shipment is a week to Dallas then to Austin so 2 weeks to attempt repair. I could get parts shipped faster but I would have to pay the $200 for the parts and $25 shipping because the warranty parts could only be shipped the usual way. This is their top of the line dishwasher and no one at Bosch even said they were sorry I was having this problem with a new product, offered in any to help but said I could write a letter to California if I wanted to take the time. Don't buy from Bosch if you think you will even need the appliance serviced. JB 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:56:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
90363645	We've moved in to a house and inherited one of these. Firstly it's been broken longer than its been working and the repair guy can't find the fault. Secondly it will use double the detergent of a regular dishwasher, if you use both drawers every night, each one needs a tablet.Also it is extremely difficult to stack, I can't fit regular cereal bowls in it, nothing large such as casserole dished or pots and pans will fit, even in the large drawer. Nor will utensils fit. It's next to useless. I just hope the repair guy can't fix it and I can get a useful dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:56:31	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54376275	Just used my dishwasher for the first time today, and so far I absolutely love it! I gave it a real workout, too; my dirty dishes had been sitting in the sink for a LONG time. Some had been rinsed or soaked first, so I washed them on the regular cycle. The rest had food dried on them (I know, YUCK!) so they got the heavy-duty cycle. Both loads came out sparkling, even though our water pressure is only so-so. This is the first portable dishwasher I've ever tried, so I don't know how it compares to similar models, but I wish I'd bought this one a long time ago.The only problem I had was figuring out how to hook up the water inlet hose to the faucet of the kitchen sink. There was nothing in the instructions about how to do it, and it seemed as though the enclosed adapter didn't fit my older-style faucet. Went to a plumbing supply store thinking I'd have to buy an adapter for the adapter, but the nice gentleman at the counter just took the one that came with the dishwasher, popped the gasket off the top, and said I think it'll fit now. (Would have been really embarassing except that the clerk at the hardware store I went to first couldn't figure it out either.) Anyway, it did indeed hook up quite easily once that top gasket was removed.It should be noted that there is only one spray arm (at the bottom), not two as I believe was stated in the product description.As an aside, I didn't have a place on the counter where the dishwasher would fit, so I put casters on a breakfast bar table instead. Even though the casters are really small (due to the size of the table legs), the table holds and rolls the fully-loaded, running dishwasher with no trouble at all. Because the drain (water outlet) hose has to span the distance from table to sink, I took a large twist-tie and fastened the outlet hose it to the inlet hose as a precaution. It did the trick and kept the outgoing water headed down the drain.The only question that remains is how this appliance will hold up over time, which seems to be variable. If I only get a year out of mine, I'll still consider it well worth the price.UPDATE: Well, those final words in my initial review proved to be prophetic: after a little over a year of use, I walked into the kitchen to find the GFCI kicked off and water all over the floor. My guess is that the water hose either burst or came off inside, because there was no outward sign of a problem. I didn't bother getting it fixed because of an impending move; just gave it away to someone who was going to try to repair it himself. My evaluation stands: loved it, feel like I got my money's worth out of it during the year it worked; but add me to the list of people dissatisfied with the product's durability. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:56:31	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
45139488	Yep, it's true - the user manual that comes with the dishwasher is not nearly as concise as it should be. The one you download online is the same, so don't bother.I have not checked out the YouTube video previously mentioned, but I'm willing to bet it's probably worth it if you're not mechanically inclined.I did not purchase this product on Amazon - it was on sale at Wallet-stealer World for about $75 less at the time of purchase, free for ship-to-store, so (as much as I HATE Wallet-stealer World) that's where I got it, because I'm a penny pincher. I rent a singlewide mobile home. I asked my landlady if she would install a built-in on her (our) dime, but she decided that she didn't want to butcher the little bit of counter/cupboard space it would require (and I really don't blame her - I NEED that little bit of space for storage).I did a LOT of research before purchasing this particular dishwasher, and kept coming back to this one. I do pretty thorough research on anything I consider buying online. I looked at countertop models, but for the money, this seemed like a MUCH better deal. If it hadn't gone on sale at Wallet-stealer World, I would have bought it on Amazon.I have been using a Brita faucet filter on my kitchen faucet, with a metal faucet adapter to make it work properly (best thing I ever did for that). I have purchased an under-counter filter with a supplied spigot to replace it since I will need the faucet for the dishwasher adapter. I believe the under-counter filter is better quality and less expensive anyway.The dishwasher was well packaged. We were in the midst of a days-long deluge the day my BF picked the dishwasher up from the store, and it had VERY MINOR scuffs (cleanable) on the top sides. All else seemed fine.I took the Brita faucet filter and adapter off of my kitchen sink faucet and installed the supplied adapter for the dishwasher. Totally easy. Snapped on the plastic dishwasher connecter. Easy. (Have not yet put any salt in with the supplied plastic scoop and funnel-thing, but might if I decide it's necessary.)The one thing I have not seen mentioned in any of the comments - after you press the power button on the left front panel and don't hear anything happen, you MUST press the START/PAUSE button on the far right to actually start the dishwasher running. Seems obvious, but two intelligent folks hit the POWER button and let the thing sit for half an hour before one of us decided to try pressing that particular button (Yes, the manual calls it the Start/Pause button, but NO MENTION in the sparse, vague directions of the need to press this particular button. C'mon, it's the PAUSE button). Never had to press a START button before on a dishwasher, so neither of us thought of it at first, and the manual does not specifically tell you that.I filled the thing up to capacity (and yes, it quite easily holds a bunch of regular size dinner plates, despite someone else's strange comment to the contrary - and I use full size, American [I guess?] dishes - didn't know they were a different size anywhere else), filled the pre-wash soap dispenser halfway and the regular wash dispenser all the way, and filled the rinse aid dispenser (again, no salt). Dishes consisted of regular dishes, glasses, some Corningware plates and bowls, a few enamel-coated metal plates and some plastic plates and bowls, regular silverware and ceramic, printed coffee mugs.I ran the Normal cycle, which lasted about the aforementioned 2.5 hours, including the drying cycle. There were a few drops of water on some things, but all in all everything was pretty much dried. No worse than the built-in Frigidaire (I think?) we had at our previous house, and just as clean. (I always rinse with hot water and scrape off cooked-on stuff, but that's it.)I reinstalled the metal Brita adapter, which I think was a mistake. I think I cross-threaded it somehow, because minutes later when I reinstalled the dishwasher adapter, it leaked a bit. Not a lot, but enough to make me wonder if I shouldn't have taken it off. BF put some thread tape on the adapter, which helped, but it still leaked a bit. (It's a cheap spigot to begin with.) Still not ANYWHERE NEAR as much water overall as I would have used hand washing the dishes; just a drip mostly. So, I am running the dishwasher again, and all seems well other than the slight faucet drip.The dishwasher runs way more quietly than I thought it would, quieter than the window air conditioner unit 5 feet away from it. There was a TINY bit of food left on one plastic plate, but all else seemed squeaky clean. And I'm not spending an hour and a half in front of the sink every day, which is AWESOME.I will update in a few months.QUICK UPDATE: My BF determined that the small leak turned out to be my own fault - I have run it every day since - sometimes twice - with NO problems. Love it so far! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:56:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51541006	This unit worked well for 4 months, then it would stop after prewash, and not finish. Our 4th repair visit in a month is next week.  Kitchenaid is a great brand, but they buy their dishwashers from Whirlpool(and I've not had anything Whirlpool in 10 years that lasted).  If this 4th visit doesn't fix it, we are buying another Bosch and sending the Kitchenaid back to the dealer. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:59:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
82060524	We purchased this dishwasher two years ago and have had nothing but problems.  After 10 service calls, two control panels and jet dry dispenser replaced, we are left with a dishwasher that does not wash our dishes, leaves our dishes dripping with water and it rusts all of our knifes and flatware. NOW, we have a horrible smell when we open the door. We bought the extended service warranty after they assured us that--after four service calls--they would replace it.  What they didn't tell us that during these four service calls parts had to be replaced to qualify.  The last service man that came finally told us that this dishwasher has a design flaw, it has no vents or heating element to dry the dishes.  They can replace every part and it still won't dry and will continue to rust our knifes and flatware.  Sears refuses to do anything to help us.  I have spent countless hours on the phone with customer service and nobody seems to care.  Apparently, Sears doesn't care about it's customers, maybe that's why so many people complain about their products and they are going out of business.  I say let's run them out of business.  I SAY DON'T BUY FROM SEARS!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:59:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
1688250	I own two Maytag dishwashers because they have a third rack for cookie sheets and pan lids and great little clips for baby bottle tops, lids, and such stuff, and a piece you can lower to hold down things that try to fly around.Another plus for us is the hidden wash controls that small children cannot learn to operate.I suspect that all models have similar profiles of performance, but take this as you will considering whether it will apply to the model you want. I have had Maytag dishwashers in black and almond. (And have owned GE and Kitchen Aid also.)As another reviewer has said the control panel goes belly up sooner or later-- in my experience, it's 3-5 years from purchase that one thing or the other is going to go.The cost to replace the control panel, which can have one function go out or the whole panel go completely nuts overnight, is a good chunk of what it costs to replace the unit.For the last 2-3 months, it was leaving grit on the dishes and inside the cups. Rewashing by hand, trying to diagnose the source of the grit . . . . . .Somewhere on the internet, there are all positive reviews of some model of Maytag dishwasher. I don't think these correlate with the best sources for reviews, and I would guess that some of those are canned or from people who are still on the honeymoon with the Maytag.Also have found their repair line to be no help.I replaced my dead Maytag with a Whirlpool, whose trays absolutely suck. The won't hold a dinner plate up right or a large salad bowl at all. Good grief. What a stupid design. It makes me appreciate the pluses of the Maytag sooooooooo much more.We retrofitted our new Whirlpool to take our lower tray from the Maytag and put some of those  dandy features from the Maytag trays (that would unclip) into the Whirlpool.Maybe now that Whirlpool and Maytag come from the same people (robots, etc.), they will make the perfect dishwasher. Not yet, though. Not yet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:59:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24881522	I bought all new appliances in May of 2007 and I wanted them to match.  The only refrigerator I found, deliberately without a freezer, in the size I needed, was Frigidaire, a.k.a. Electrolux.  I got them (professional series stove, refrigerator, dishwasher) through Pacific Sales, not Amazon.  Because I did not have experience with this brand, I bought a 5 year extended warranty on all of them.  Glad I did.  Refrigerator and dishwasher failed more than once and that extended warranty paid for itself.  Since the warranty ran out, I have fixed the refrigerator twice myself and now the dishwasher is acting up again.  The control panel  only selects eco-wash, top-rack, or rinse-only.  Can't select normal or other wash types.  And I suspect the panel will stop working completely soon.  I can take apart and fix most anything, so I'm searching for parts now.  Most people are not like me.  They rightfully would have given up long ago and purchased more reliable replacements.  The other reviews are not exaggerations, this brand is not reliable.  Don't consider buying one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:59:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
45654426	This product is simple, it is very easy to use and it is absolutely perfect for my one bedroom apartment! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 03:59:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68345921	It washes my dishes, doesn't leak, was fairly easy to set up and works even on heavily soiled dishes. What more can one ask for in a dishwasher, really? 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:02:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
19522172	This thing is a game changer.  It is incredible.  I researched for weeks and got confused.  Finally chose this a year ago and it has been great. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:02:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67292843	I have had this dishwasher for two years and it has been the most unreliable washer I have owned.  The electronics, especially the leak detector, are an endless problem.  This is my first and last Electrolux product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:02:31	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
30417656	We bought this in July, 2010 and promptly went on an extended vacation.  When we returned home, it was past 30 days until we finally got to use it.  Lo and behold it is the WORST dishwasher EVER!!!!!  We bought it from Best Buy after explaining that we have teenagers who don't rinse the dishes and do a lousy job of loading.  We were pointed toward this one.  I did some research with Consumer Reports, and everything seemed to back up the Best Buy person's recommendation --- WRONG!!!!  We've had this dishwasher for 7 months now, and I'm anxious to replace it.  I have to use 3-4 times the amount of detergent to even HOPE to get dishes clean, run it through sometimes 5 cycles before they get somewhat clean, or just give up and hand wash the dishes.  DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF TRASH!!!!  Samsung should be ashamed.  Samsung sent out a repair person, but no luck.  Beat Buy sent out 3 repair people, but (and I couldn't believe this) 2 of the 3 ONLY TRIED TO GIVE ME DISHWASHER USAGE INSTRUCTIONS!  THEY NEVER ONCE LOOKED AT THE PIECE OF JUNK!!!  I will NEVER buy another Samsung product again -- EVER, EVER, EVER!!!!!!  Steer clear of this piece of trash.  It is literally the worst dishwasher ever made!!!!!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:02:31	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
32024782	I live at home with just one other person so we don't use the dishwasher a lot...probably 3-5 times a month. We got this at PC Richards for $620. It was great price. And it works wonderfully. I try to be frugal with energy and water so I usually just do the quick wash which is about an hour long. I make sure to wipe down the plates and put the pot or saucepan on the bottom rack. It comes out clean almost everytime..sometimes the glass bowl might have some rice stuck to it so I just wash it out in the sink and hang on the rack. I'm sure if I used the pots and pans mode, it would be much more aggressive but like I said, I don't like it running for so long or using up a lot more water. I also noticed that after the dishwasher indicates the dishes are clean, steam clings to the inside door and back of the dishwasher. There is sometimes dampness at the bottom..not sure if this is part of the new condensation energy savings feature, but I do wipe down the dishwasher everytime after use. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:02:31	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
52730126	This is the second Danby 18 inch dishwasher we've owned.  We bought its predecessor from Canada back before you could find it here in the states.  A typical dishwasher lasts 9-10 years and that is how long our last Danby lasted.  The amazing parts were:1. We cook all our meals at home and I am from a family of seven who all live nearby so on a light day we run dishes for four but on a heavy day it might be dishes (and cooking vessels, serving vessels, etc) for a dozen.  The Danby kept plugging away, consistently returning our dishes sparkling clean.  We found it was important to use salt and we always use Cascade Complete.  We found other detergents didn't work as well.  I'm not sure if it's because of the size, water temp, water hardness, or what.2. It fits in our house!  Our bungalow was built in 1920 and the dishwasher fits sideways under the drainboard of our old white enamel sink.  We ordered it from Canada years ago because we had a bear of a time finding one that would fit.  Now there are more 18#34; dishwashers available but I think the Danby is a nice balance between cost and quality.  Sure, I'd love the $800 dishwasher, but that just isn't in our budget.3. Easy to install.  It comes with relatively good instructions compared to most appliances. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29994145	!!! I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT&gt;!!!I did some research before I bought this dishwasher. All were stating how great it cleaned esp on the steam cycle. I agree it does clean well but- it takes 3-4 hours to run the cycle. It's not too loud but you definately hear it. This BIG COMPLAINT I have is the quality of the interior. The wheels on the bottom rack fall off- ALL THE TIME! Making it impossible to bring out of the dishwasher and put it back in. I had to lift it and push it in and pull it back out. It started within the first month. Finally the jetdry thing stopped working. I called them after owning it after only 8 months. The first repair man was nice and ordered the parts. The second repairman was rude and said maytag would not replace the wheels again after this and the warrenty from lowes would not cover this type of thing. It has only been a week and the wheels have fallen out during the wash cycle already. To those who do not know this messes up the washing of the dishes. The parts stop moving. This is not acceptable. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:04:19	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20646055	The Amana Tall Tub Dishwasher is great. It is very quiet and it does a wonderful job at cleaning dishes. I give it five stars. By Gregg L. Friedman MD, Psychiatrist, Hallandale Beach, FL 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82383512	I bought this for $115 on sale on Amazon three months ago. It has been working great. It cleans the dishes very well. Consumes very little water and soap. It is ideal for a student like me.I would recommend it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81201767	I bought mine in 2003 and had absolutely no problems with it.I'm not sure why others had so many problems with the quick connect, unless Danby has changed it.  All you do is pull down the coupling, er 'bolt-like thing', put it up against the faucet and let the coupling 'bolt' go up.  That connects it tightly to the faucet.  Turn the water on and start the dishwasher.Once the washer is done, turn the water off.  Press the red button on the quick connect to release water in the hose and then pull down the coupling 'bolt' and take the hose away from the faucet.Like someone else mentioned, I did find it best to open the door immediately after the washer is finished.  It allows the steam to evaporate and the dishes dry thoroughly.I've found this machine to clean the dishes better than some big commercial models. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
40847861	Had to get rid of the dishwasher after only 9 months.  Leaked since it was new, even after having a repair person look at it. Motor went bad after about 7 months, then the circuit board went bad, then right when they replace the circuit board, the console for the cycle select buttons stopped working.Whirlpool would not replace the unit, just kept sending repair people over and over.It did clean very well, and dried well, however.  Bad quality otherwise. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:06:32	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
49629749	This product does exactly what it claims- cleans my dishes.  If you load it correctly, and give it enough time, it works perfectly. I couldn't be happier with this unit.  Not having to wash all my dishes, or needing to run a couple loads is all right by me-  it cleans them better than I ever could.  Set up is really easy, just use a simple pair of pliers and don't let your excitement get the best of you. Be patient, and do it right and this will make your dish washing days drip free and happy. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:06:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39190868	Our model No. Is KUDS35FXSS4. Purchased new in 2011. The adjustable top rack slide design and mechanism is cheap plastic. We are careful in how we load and unload it, but twice now (after warranty period) wheels have broken off. I went back to the store where we bought it and the salesman said he had the same DW and has had the same problem! KitchenAid not only would not stand behind the product, they charged absurd prices for the replacement parts that broke ($25 for a small plastic clip that couldn't cost more than fifty cents to make in bulk). This last go around cost me $150 in parts. I understand KitchenAid finally changed this design...but apparently not their price gouging on parts. Very disappointed in KitchenAid and done with their products. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:06:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41795516	I concur with the other reviews. This is a horrible dishwasher. It does not sufficiently clean the dishes regardless of the load. I have had to call for repair service 3 times in the first eighteen months. The unit is rather quiet compared to former dishwashers I have owned. That is about the only quality I have found to be acceptable.  I am really disappointed with Samsung. I thought their brand was better than this. I was wrong. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:06:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
43066550	The unit is advertised as stainless steel. It arrived in a sealed box sitting in my living room floor. My 13 year old daughter signed the deliver slip. I arrived home and opened the box. The top drawer on the unit was dented and did not close sealed. It is made of cheap plastic with a micro thin sheet of stainless look cover. Very cheap for a $1300 dishwasher. When I called Roadway they subbed out the delivery to NDS . So they give you not my job call Amazon. So I filled out all the work and HC Cost just wants to repair and give me a discount. I told them no take it back and refund my money. Now they say tough stuff you signed for it. Well I do have an issue with a delivery man in my house with my 13 year old daughter alone. Not sure if you can sue for this but I am getting very disappointed with Amazon and this whole experience. Should have bought from a box store. At least they respond and fix claims. Then I find our Lowes offers the same model for the same price. I would not be out a dishwasher for 6 weeks now and more waiting for a response. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:06:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
36942337	This is a great dishwasher. Just what we needed. Other 18 inch dishwashers are actually 19 or 20 inch (Kenmore, etc). We needed something actually 18 inch or less. This product is exactly that.The adapter that comes with the dishwasher did not fit our Delta faucet with its non-standard sized cache aerator. Went to several local shops with no solution offered.This is the adapter piece (from Delta) that made this dishwasher work for us:http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B003MWRMIQ which is Delta part #RP51505 and you can read Delta's FAQ regarding this part here: [...]The adapter cost $5. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:09:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38452879	I surprised my wife with this new dishwasher when we moved into our house. I sought out a mid-range priced dishwasher because we knew that we'd eventually want to redo the entire kitchen. We have been quite happy with this washer. It disposes of the food and it isn't too loud (of course, we weren't paying $$$$ for a silent one). The top rack is great.  It is angled so you can fit taller glasses on one side above and taller plates on the other side below.  My wife loves the silverware holders. You can put one in or both, have lids on or not, or move them around.  And I thought it was a reasonable price for a stainless steel interior, which really holds up better than the plastic interior ones. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:09:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18939463	My wife has a bad back so stooping to load and unload typical dishwashers is always painful. When remodeling kitchens in each home we have lived in we've always installed Fisher  Paykel dish drawers since they were modern, energy efficient, quiet and the pull-out drawers don't require as much stooping. We have now owned them for about 15 years. Overall there are occasional problems with loads not getting clean; you have to periodically disassemble and clean out drain and filter area which takes hours to do properly and with our current model the handle broke OFF!! The parts and repair sight does not appear to have a repair part for this which is unbelievable. We love the concept behind the design however the product has simply not improved to overcome these faults over the years which considering the price, is unforgivable. They are losing very loyal customers. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:09:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
61361439	This dishwasher is horrible..I was on my way out to work, when it started to make an odd sound, spark, and smoking, when i opened the bottom drawit didnt drain the water whatsoever..Also the dishes dont fit, come out dirty, and the filters on the inside door keeps cracking off..To top it offI lost 2 days of work, one day cause of the inccedent and another day for service to come they came 2xs still no good..Thank goodness I was homeone only knows if I would have  house..Dont buy..Im fighting for a Bosch..dont feel safe.. I rate it -stars.. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:09:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
33747371	Our 76 year old craftsman house has uniquely period cabinets, molding, etc.  In our kitchen, we had only one spot where the width between vertical partitions was over 17 1/2.  This model's width, although listed as 18, is actually 17 5/8.  After removing the trim and a drawer, this model barely fit.  Thank goodness it did, because I would never have been able to put Jack together again after starting the cuts.Besides the fit, this model works far better than any dishwasher we had in our prior homes.  My wife couldn't be happier.  The 10 hours it took to retrofit our cabinetry, install new electrical and plumbing were well worth the effort.Best to use Finish tablets and a good rinse aid.  Results are outstanding, if you follow loading directions. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:09:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69485538	This Bosch dishwasher just plain does not work.  Leaves a gritty film on everything-  glasses, dishes, silverware-  everything.  Recommended soap and rinsing agents completely ineffective.  Trap clogs easily; not cleaned easily.  Will never buy any product with Bosch badge again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:11:22	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
56036732	This product does what it is suppose to do.  It works fine for us seeing it is only my wife and I, however, as others mentioned it does not fit plates as stated, so it probably will not work well for a family of 4. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:11:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
72842867	One of our most sorry appliance experiences ever.Is loud as a Cessna. Ours lasted only for 8 days then would just make a hum noise.Lucky for us it was not 38 days, so we were able to haul it to where we boughtit. Otherwise we'd be stuck with probably lousy warranty service. Still total waste of our time and resources.Frigidaire should get out of the appliance business if this is going tobe the quality of their products... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:11:22	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
64429753	This dishwasher has now been installed 5 months, no problems, no issues. It works well, takes very little soap and cleans dishes well, and is pretty quiet. Took a little while to get used to loading a drawer style dishwasher, but I have the hang of it now... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:11:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59044134	Wow, purchased this dishwasher about 2 weeks ago, and to date can honestly say it is the BEST appliance I have ever owned.  My 4 year old Kenmore which I paid over $1,000.00 for never cleaned my dishes completely (even after multiple service calls)and was very loud - had to go bye bye Kenmore Hello Bosch.  This Bosch although it is not rated as the quietest in the line is amazingly quiet...I forget that I have started the dishwasher at all. Has a strainer at the bottom which catches all the large debris and is easy to remove and clean. The dishes come out clean every time and it is very easy to operate.  After this purchase I will definitely make BOSCH my new appliance of choice for all my household needs. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:11:22	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21277217	works great like a full size but in a compact size. easy hook up to yor faucets. uses regular dishwaser powder or pods. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:12:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
61277574	First off, I live in a smallish apartment with no dishwasher. I didn't even know countertop dishwashers existed until I saw this on Amazon. So I immediately purchased it and I'm so glad I did! It works fantastically, is very easy to hook up and gets my dishes way cleaner than I ever could washing them by hand. The soap slot is big enough to fit a soap #34;pac#34; that is popular nowadays which works quite well with the cascade platinum packs. I'm so glad I don't have to do dishes by hand anymore, a very good buy! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:12:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66927484	Althought I like this product, I wish I'd just trolled Craigslist until I found a full-size portable dishwasher.  This product works well and comes with all the parts you need to hook it up to your faucet, but it holds a VERY small load of dishes.  I made my own detergent that I use in this unit, and it works great!  The recipe is 1 cup Borax, 1 cup washing soda (found in the laundry detergent aisle), 1 packet of LEMONADE Kool-Aid, 1/2 cup course salt.  Use only 1/4 a cup in the full-size dishwasher, and only 2 Tbsp in this unit.  If this totally green mixture leaves a residue, then use 1/4 to 1/2 cup of white vinegar for a rinse-cycle.  Works like a charm! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:12:35	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
76302621	We purchased this dishwasher and a Samsung side by side refrigerator in October of 2011. After much deliberation on price and style, we chose Samsung.  The icemaker went out this spring in the refrigerator at a cost of $250 +.  The service man came to our house knowing the ice maker was not working and didn't even bring a replacement with him.  This required another service call.The dishwasher started to make a grinding noise.  When the serviceman arrived he found a piece of broken glass in the motor and we were told the motor had to be replaced.  I am no appliance expert, but don't glasses get broken in dishwashers?  Shouldn't the motor be protected from pieces of glass?Final blow, this week the dishwasher would run for 5 minutes and quit - the Heavy, Normal and Quick lights start to blink.  After spending a morning online trying to find a phone number for support it was determined that there is a problem with a water sensor.  Service is required.  The support person submitted a service order and in 24-48 hours someone will call me to set up a service time.  We have an appliance person that we use for most of our appliances but he can't work on Samsung because Samsung won't provide him with parts.There was a Bosch dishwasher in the house when we moved in.  It was the original and was about 15 years old when we replaced it.  We never had one problem with the old dishwasher.Lesson learned - will never purchase another Samsung appliance again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:12:35	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62802521	I was looking for a portable dishwasher which is really had to find locally at any of these big chains. Home Depot has this product but it has to be special ordered online only. Can't even see it at the local HDP. The clerk in major appliances won't help because he can't order it. Lowes doesn't have this one either and what they can over cost over $600 bucks. Like HDP they only want you to buy the huge 24.  Best Buy is the same and the one they have doesn't have all these features. I got mine from Walmart online. It had taken 8 days to get to the Walmart Super Center.That experience going to get it was crazy. No one at that location ever seen this Danby Portable Dishwasher before so I was the first one. I was worried about the size of the box and the weight I got email from Walmart saying you need to people to pick it up. It weighs 130lbs. When I had gone there I told them I need help to get it into my SUV. No way would this fit in your car. I say best to have it shipped to your home instead of the store. The store they had a hard time getting it through the door. The product is taller than a regular 24 dishwasher and actually it's the height of my counters in the kitchen. It's really heavy though at the bottom. Danby really package the unit up very well. There is also water in the pump too that comes with the unit to keep the pump prepped. Just in case you have to tilt the box to fix into your SUV.Once you cut off the straps off the box, you just lift the box up and ta-da you can see the unit. Pretty much all you have to do is remove all the packaging and then one more thing. You do need water softener salt and any Supermarket has that. There is a few type you need to look for though. I got the salt maker for table salt but it's for all type of machines that need water softener salt it comes in 40lb bag. Danby should give you a measuring cup for the salt as they do with the jet dry and power dishwasher detergent. I use Cascade All with Orange Gel. Too me works just as good for now.So fill up the salt first and add water to it. I see none her mention that. If you don't the light will come on and say there is no salt in the unit. The same with the jet dry you need to fill that up to the max, otherwise the light will come on for that. I on the first try I had stuck in a few pots, pans and plastic rubber maid containers am etc. I left the default selector on and press power in green light came on, then press the start button. I didn't hear anything. Make sure you turn on your hot water on after you connect the facet attachment.This unit can also hand food particles since it has 3 type of filters for such. Not bad. It does clean up everything I put in there. Takes a long time to do it though. Uses only $30 bucks a year which isn't that bad. The stainless is good feature to have. None of the $600 portables did I see at SEARS or Best Buy had these features.Remember this is a huge portable dishwasher it could be mounted in your counter if you made space for it. Otherwise you just roll it to your kitchen sink and snap on the hose. Connect the power and that's it.Danby has 2x extra months if you register your product online with them. This is in-home service no way could you mail this back to them. Again this is bottom heavy product.Controls are your typical Euro design meaning no text to say what the heck the lights or buttons and dial selector does. So you have both electronic and analog controls. Water sensors and more. Not a cheap product it's well made. If you need one get it!Update!I had first reported and issue with a leak. I fix this issue on my own. Seems that the unit had stuff into the salt softener  and drain housing. I had use a Wet/Dry vac to remove anything in those locations. Now no more leaks. Odd found all sorts of stuff must be left over from the factory. I was going to return this to Walmart but would have been hassle to do. Anyway I have 90 days to return it or 14 months of service from Danby. In all the unit does clean very well. I've ordered two boxes of the dishwasher salt from Amazon along with the rinse agent. I was using Finish Turbo Jet Dry with mix results.Second Update!Again only 10 days and last night it leaked a huge puddle of water this time. I had called up Danby and was on hold for 18 minutes. A nice girl pickup and told me that they won't send the repair tech out since it's only 10 days I have this unit. If it was over 30 days then they would. So now she told me to call up Walmart but as you know Walmart gives you 90 days to return the product. If I follow Danby rep on the phone it's going to be like another 8 to 10 days to get a new one from Walmart and I still have to return this one back to them which I did a store-pickup. This is a real pain what's the deal with two months extra warranty service if they won't come out to service their product in 10 days. Beside the leak for some strange reason the unit will not stay dry inside it's always damp and pots have some drops of water on them. The Danby girl told me to use rinse dry. I did, still does it. Oh well I'll have to box it up and take it back to Walmart. No I won't be getting a replacement one not after this hassle with Danby.As for the leak it's coming from the salt housing container. I see others online with this issue too so beware! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:12:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
20115393	We were so excited to buy this Bosch 24#34; 500 Series Built in Dishwasher August 2013.  Unfortunately, we have had nothing but problems since purchase.  We've spent weeks without the dishwasher working, waiting for parts or repairs. First, we had trouble getting it installed properly. It kept coming loose in the cabinet - attributed to bracket problems.  Then we've had problems with draining.  A pump broke.  A wheel on the bottom rack vanished and we don't put pans in the dishwasher.  We keep getting error messages - E24?? We are not sure whether to ask for a replacement or simply buy a different dishwasher altogether.  I wish we could rate the dishwasher well and give it a good rating but sadly, we cannot.  This dishwasher is not a credit to Bosch.  I miss our old reliable Maytag. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:16:10	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
33762186	While this dishwasher looks beautiful on the outside, not all the materials used seem up to par. When I received the item, the spray arm had fallen off. The plastic that had held it on previously was brittle and crumbling, which makes me doubt the integrity of other materials used to make it. The warranty on this product is not good enough to take that risk. I would also like to let other potential buyers know that this item was shipped UPS, so they would not carry it up the stairs to my apartment. I had to pay movers to do that. (Word to the wise, if you would like to schedule a delivery date, have the appliance brought into your home and have a company pick up/replace a broken item free of charge and hassle, look elsewhere. It's available, but not here.) Returning this item has been an absolute nightmare. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:16:10	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
58726940	I bought my Bosch model SHE55M16UC about three years ago at the recommendation of a high rating from Consumer Reports.  Nine days after the one year labor warranty expired the cheap plastic control panel broke off when opening the door one morning spilling the buttons all over the kitchen floor.  To Bosch's credit they honored the labor warranty at that time however here I am about two years later with the same exact part failure!  I am not abusing the appliance, this is happening simply by opening and closing the door everyday, for routine dishwashing.  This time I am ordering the part (control panel cover) online and doing repairs myself. (the buttons are re-usable).  However when I have another part failure,(pump, etc), I will most definitely NOT be replacing the unit with another Bosch dishwasher that much I can assure you.  I gave it one star because it is quiet when it's not breaking apart... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:16:10	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
48941809	This little dishwasher is great for apartments or kitchens with limited space.  It has more capacity than a Frigidaire model that I replace it with and does a great job getting the dishes clean. For a household with two people it is the perfect size. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:16:10	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
2391650	The door handle is not really a handle, but just curved area where you pull to open door. It is the plastic part across the top front where the buttons are located. The major flaw is that over time, four years for us, it cracks in both directions. You likely won't see the cracks until they get long because they are under the bottom edge, in both directions from handle area. Costs $130 for the cheap plastic part, called facia panel. I guess Bosch engineering is not very good. I will no longer buy anything from Bosch. It's Bosch's loss because we are shopping for new stove and refrigerator too. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:16:10	Performance Defect		Latch Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
31767211	As someone who hates doing dishes, this is the best $240 I have spent in a very very long time. I wish I had done it sooner. Pretty easy to set up (and I'm not technically inclined at all!), all the thinking I had to do was figure out that I needed to remove a small part of my faucet (so that I could screw in the connector). It seems to use a small amount of water, definitely less than I used when handwashing. Worth every penny. And for those that say it is loud? Mine is not at all. Besides, to me, hearing a dishwasher cleaning dishes is like music to my ears. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:18:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
16972787	Miele has some great things; it's quite, fits great in many different sized holes, you can get a custom front, easy to level and install...but then between years 1-3 you start to run a load of dishes and you hear a pop and you kitchen floor is now covered in salt.  I called the Meile costumer service and they call a rep in the DC area, the guy on the phone was really helpful and said they would be able to fix it no problem and that this was not a normal problem.  But, the guy who came to do the service call before they ordered the parts just smiled and told me his boss would love to sell me the parts because I would pay close to $500 for the water softer system, and the I would need a new feed line which was another $350...and the best part is what he said next and then I will see you next year when it breaks againIf you have the money not to care, pay for the Miele.  Or, you can spend half on a Kenmore, GE, Samsung, Kitchenaid or any of the other reliable brands.Please, learn from me, I had my miele sitting in the middle of my kitchen for a week waiting on the service guy...that just laughs when he thinks about how much money you just wasted. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:18:09	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46918333	I bought this dishwasher at Sears and have owned it for a few months now. It's quiet, cleans my dishes wonderfully and hasn't given me any trouble at all. I replaced a 15 year old Frigidaire Professional series and this one is much quieter and cleans better. In addition, it is very well constructed. The Stormwash works great as well. I made cookies and put my KA mixer bowl over the Stormwash jet without rinsing it. I just threw the bowl in there with dried cookie dough and all. Came out spotless. I also tried dried egg yolk on dishes using the normal setting.  Those too came out spotless along with some peanut butter covered silverware. I never have extraneous chunks of food stuck to my dishes or any strange smells. The stainless interior is also much nicer to look at than the old plastic tub of the Frigidaire. The unit also dries very good even with the convection drying (no heating element). Overall I'm very happy with my purchase.I looked at Kitchen Aid and Bosch before deciding on the Samsung. The kitchen Aid was nice but I refuse to spend $1400 for a dishwasher. The Bosch seemed very cheap to me (referring to build quality) and the reviews are mixed with lots of people having problems. To compound that, the Bosch is also very expensive.So in closing I got a great cleaning, quiet dishwasher that is well constructed for less than $700 with coupons/price matching. You'll be hard pressed to find a dishwasher that performs as well, with as many features at this price point. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:18:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29579409	Have had this dishwasher for four months now and keep hoping that it is better than I think it is, but I have finally accepted the fact that I don't like it.  For the high price, I just expect more - like clean dishes and soap-free dishes.  i give it the exact soap recommended.  I run my water to be certain it is hot prior to starting the dishwasher.  By the way, neither of those things did I ever have to do with other and let me say cheaper, machines.  None of this helps, dishes are not 100% clean and I have soap residue remaining.  I have had better results from way cheaper machines.  I also knew that stainless steel would be a maintenance item, but this is a dishwasher - you're going to have water around it, right?  Keeping the water spots off it is frustrating.  Huge disappointment - I would not recommend buying this dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:18:09	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47702544	Arrived seriously damaged; returned it and got my money back. Box looked fine, so who knows whose fault it was....just a hassle for this guy. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:18:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78684689	I have it for about a month. I live in a small apartment in the Boston area, and it fits perfectly on the counter in my small kitchen. I was amazed with the simplicity of the installation. It even comes with detergent, just plug and play. The washer heats up the water and the dishes come out real hot at the end. The quick-connect feature of the water intake and drain works  well and is really quick and simple. I have read in other reviews that the machine is noisy, but I found the operation quite quiet - perhaps it is a matter of ear sensitivity. Most importantly, the dishes come out real clean! Life is much better when you don't need to do dishes. To summarize, so far it has been just perfect for me. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:20:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37209006	I bought this in February hoping it would help lighten the load on me. Everything was all good till about May 13 when I went to clean under the dishwasher. When I moved it I was not happy. There was a massive puddle of water on my counter and it had started to warp. I tried to look up why this would be happening and found nothing. I was not happy. I emailed the seller and got what was a less than helpful response. Now I have this $218.99 hunk of junk in my kitchen that has now made it to the floor. With no way of contacting somebody helpful to help me either fix the issue or replace the product I am stuck. I would not suggest anyone buying something like this without the option of adding a ton of insurance on it. What I thought would help me has costed me over $300.00 just to replace what it destroyed. BUYER BE WARE!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:20:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
43477461	I would give it a 5, but it still doesn't clean as well as I would like.  No dishwasher does though.  Sometimes if we put in a dish with dried on food, it will come out clean, sometimes not.  So, we generally rinse the dishes before putting them in.  That irritates me!  Why have a dishwasher if I have to pre-rinse my dishes??  But, it does better than any other dishwasher we (wife and I) have ever used.  And, it is insanely quiet.  So much so that is it kind of irritating.  I have to walk right up to it to know if it is on :)  The only other gripe I have with it is that the little plastic hooks or brackets or whatever they call them that are used to hold items in the racks sometimes pop off.  Not a big deal, just a minor irritation.All in all though, I haven't been able to find many products I feel as good about buying as this one.  It cleans dishes really well, is quiet, looks good, and I feel I nailed this one.  We have had the dish washer for about a year now, and we still like it a lot, so  I would recommend it to others!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:20:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
22644183	My apartment doesn't come equipped with a dishwasher as the house is old and uses an antiquated septic system and also uses well water. My landlord originally wouldn't allow a dishwasher until he saw how water efficient this little unit is. I live alone and run the the machine once / twice a week using about 3-4 gal / load. What a time saver, whisper quiet, does a great job everything comes out shiny and clean. The machine was easy to set up it comes with easy to understand manual and all the hardware I needed to connect it to my kitchen faucet. My only regret is that when selecting what type of cycle I want to run requires me to consult the manual to interpret what the pictures represent for cleaning cycle and how much time that cycle will take. If the manufacturer changed from pictures to written descriptions of the various cleaning cycles on the front of the machine this product would be perfect. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:20:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
71647785	We bought this dishwasher (actually the black one, not the stainless one, but the same model #) based on the reputation of the Maytag name.  First of all I'll admit that, when it runs properly, it does a fairly good job of cleaning the dishes and that is, after all, what most people want.  However there are several issues in the design.  The biggest problem is that the door latch seems rather flimsy.  Maybe it's designed so that if your toddler gets stuck inside, all he needs to do is push the door open.  The problem with the latch issue is that, unless you close the door by slamming it shut with just the right amount of muscle, the door will pop open by itself somewhere in the middle of the cycle and just sit there waiting for you to notice that you need to restart the machine, while the wash water gets colder and colder.  Another problem is the control panel.  This machine is designed to fit under a countertop, but if you mount it that way, you can't see the controls once the door is closed.  Of course that may be a moot point because the controls merely indicate progress through the wash cycle by a series of 4 lights that don't really tell you anything except now light 2 is done and we're in light 3.  The silverware baskets sort of fit, but they feel like they were really designed to hook onto the basket of a different model.  Considering the fact that you'll probably own a dishwasher for 10 years or so, I wouldn't recommend this model. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:20:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
26921307	We replaced a perfectly good dishwasher to get an excellent one and got a dud.  It does not clean glassware well.  I have stopped putting glasses into the wash and am handwashing all of it.  No amount of jet-dry will make the spots go away.  It does not dry the dishes with heat so spots are inevitable.  The highly touted silverware drawer, the third drawer, is so fussy to load we hate to use it.  The arrangement of the 2nd and 3rd drawers is fine if you are going to wash only flat dishes and saucers, glasses and cups of the proper sizes, etc.  There is no racking arrangement for bowls, pots and pans.  Bowls and similarly shaped items have to be placed face down or they won't get clean.  This takes up a lot of room.  If you have a tall glass and don't put it toward the center of the rack, it will come out just as dirty as it went in.  I have experimented with putting a clean, hand washed, glass in and it is cloudy when it comes out.  It takes 2 1/2 hours to run a dishwashing cycle. We will eventually just dump it and buy a whirlpool or something like that so we can get rid of the hassle.  This dishwasher is not even a one star...it should be in minus numbers.  But it is quiet...I'll say that. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:23:26	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28391581	I purchased an identical model (slightly different model number) in July 2008. In November 2008 the unit leaked and it took until December 22nd for them to replace a faulty gasket (Frigidaire knew the gasket was designed faulty).In May 2009, the dishwasher stopped working because steam had reached the main control circuitboard. I realized that this was a design flaw that affects many Frigidaire models and blogged about it. [...]The photo shows the inadequate venting in the side of the unit that led to the circuitry's demise.Avoid Frigidaire. There are so many other good brands you can go with. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:23:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
67054634	I have had this dishwasher for 1.5 years now and it has several problems.It does not clean that well. We always wash our pots and pans by hand but this unit won't clean the plates and cups. Coffee and Cocoa rings do not get cleaned from mugs.  If you make a peanutbutter sandwich the peanutbutter on the knife will still be there.The upper rack is attached to the pull out track with four small, plastic rollers. The little pins that hold the rollers break every 6-9 months.  One broken piece of plastic require a new $30 adjuster assembly.  I have started to buy two at a time to have one availabe.  They take a couple weeks to arrive so you are left with a broken top rack for awhile awaiting parts.As mentioned by others, it is easy to turn the machine on or off by leaning against the counter.  My hip must be the perfect height to hit the control panel.Buy a different machine if you can. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:23:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
33922710	I bought this dishwasher at Lowes for $485 as a deal because it was the last one they had. It was to replace a GE and the GE had worked fine, but I saw no reson to be brand loyal. I had seen the other gentleman's write up of the machine before I bought it, but it was such a good deal, I took it. I am only washing dishes for three and most of the time we eat out so the dishwasher just gets weird loads of this and that anyway. So it either worked or it didn't and we had 30 days to tell Lowes to pick it up if it did not work. The rack spacing seemed fine to me; it was a good brand; so I decided to give it a try.I have had marvelous success with it. All my glasses and big pans fit into the top rack. The top rack is sloping so really large items fit in it and get a wonderful wash. Also, a selling point for me, you can take the top rack completely out and was REALLY BIG items in the dishwasher. For instance, the literature suggested that when you cleaned your refridgerator, you just take all the shelves out and put them in your dishwasher. Sounds like my kind of machine. Too bad cars no longer have carbeurators,or you could throw that in with your tractor hats and what not.I have had really good success with it cleaning really dirty stuff. I bake a lot and get pans with cake, frosting, dough and all glued to them. And they sit. And they sit some more because I would as soon use a paper plate as to have to unload the dratted dishwasher. So after sitting for 2 weeks, I turn the machine on and the mess is gone and everything is spotless.I do use the Finish Quantum tablets for washing and the Jet Dry Drying agent which is supposed to take the spots off the dishes in a dishwasher that does not have an electric dry cycle. AThe dishwasher actually uses the hot air form heated water to dry the dishes.I live in Arizona and have some of the Worst Hard Water in the Country. Things still come clean and have no spots.I realize that I am not your Normal Dishwasher user, but I think that I am harder on one than most since I only run a full load every 10 or so days and those loads are full of yukky, junky pots and pans that I would normally have scrubbed.I give this dishwasher 5 stars because it has certainly worked well for me.Finish Quantumatic, Refill, 24-CountFinish Jet-Dry Drying Agent, Turbo Dry Action, 6.76 Ounce (Pack of 2)October 16, 2011: I just wanted to add a PS and say that this machine works better than I could have imagined. I put gunky dishes in and let them sit two weeks and this machine cleans them up. That includes baked on Spagetti, dishes that cakes were baked in, and glasses in which I mixed protein drinks. It's a Keeper. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:23:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36831182	We bought this dishwasher 18 months ago and have numerous problems with it, but the biggest one is that it doesn't clean the load.  Other problems we've had:- the element is not concealed so if any plastic falls off the rack, it melts- the silver tray is flimsy so virtually all the base of the tray is broken letting utensils fall out- the filter lets large foreign objects through to the pump (eg olive stones) which knackers the pump- the soap dispenser flap doesn't always openIt is pretty quiet and dries the load effectively.  BUT the biggest problem is that, even when we don't experience all the above, the load is very dirty 20% of the time, dirty 30% of the time and pretty clean 50% of the time which means a lot of hand washing of baked-on food.  We've had an engineer out 4 times.  We thought we'd maybe got a lemon, but the supply shop told us it wasnt a particularly good model (thanks for telling us BEFORE we bought it!).  Can't wait for when we can afford a replacement. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:23:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
61171902	We got this dishwasher specifically because we wanted one that was super quiet.  It's definitely quiet -- we run it after dinner and can't hear it 10 feet away in the living room.  But...we've had problems with it from the start.  The detergent dispenser didn't open at first and then we found that this is a common problem.  Kitchenaid dispatched someone to replace the component within a week of purchase.  So that was good.  But then we would run it and the detergent would be all clumped in the dispenser at the end of the cycle.  This happened every single time.  Then I finally figured out that the dispenser door can't open if you put anything of any height (like a full size plate, skillet, or cutting board).  Total design flaw, if you asked me.  Now that we make sure we put don't block the dispenser, the dishes come out clean.  With the 3 racks, it makes it hard to get in all the big stuff, and now I basically end up washing all the large skillets where in our previous dishwasher these would have fit in no problem.  Had I known all this, I might have chosen differently.Beth 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:25:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28870029	For the price, this should walk over to the table and load itself! There are so many glitches in this that I'm surprised it is on the market. The control panel is ridiculously sensitive, and I am unable to load it without turning it on. So I have to remember to hit start and then clear before I shut the door every time or it will run. I can't teach that to others in the family so we are running partial loads without soap. I can't use the Child Lock because husband would never learn that and get upset the two times a year he starts it.  It won't run without a rinse agent in there, but I couldn't find that in the book. It just says LO.  They want you to have 120 degree water going into it. Not in a house with small children!I had to call Customer Service a couple of times when I first got it because it just wouldn't run. It turned out to be a combination child lock/rinse agent problem. They answer quickly and are sweet, but you will get different answer from different people about how it works. As another agent said, the book says one thing and it just plain isn't correct. (Press and hold AIR DRY to lock and unlock is the correct answer.)I MUCH prefer the silverware in the door. I am short and it is hard to reach the back baskets. I am definitely having problems with silverware not getting clean. The layout of the top rack is great for rows of glasses along the edge, but if you have more glasses than that in, it is hard to load. It is much higher inside than my old one and it is nice putting in larger pans and cookie sheets. It is so quiet you can just barely hear water running. But I put in a bowl with some dried on food -- right in the bottom facing the sprayer so it should have had the brunt of the spray. It didn't look touched when it came out. I had to soak and clean it. I paid a professional to install it and he couldn't hook it up right, so I guess it is nonstandard? Plus I think he left something in there because something smelled like burnt plastic in there for the first month. But I never found out what it was. Overall I wouldn't recommend. My last one was Whirlpool. It cost less and cleaned better. I should have stuck with that!Added Note: After six months, we still have some problems with it starting on its own but are getting used to it. We hit Start, then Cancel before we close it. If you just press Cancel, it doesn't cancel. My biggest gripe is that it really doesn't clean well. We have to wash the dishes and it -- hopefully -- sterilizes them. I think it is because we have poor water pressure, but the last Whirlpool cleaned much better with the same water pressure. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:25:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48758706	I've had a positive experience with my Bosch dishwasher. I had a few issues with spotting on glassware and a gray film on some of the interior plastic pieces of the dishwasher at first. I tried a few different things, but only one really cleared all the problems up and made the dishes sparkly clean...Finish Powerball Tabs! At the risk of sounding even more like a 50's housewife, they are fantastic. Much less messy than loose powder and they clean like nobodies business. The stainless tub of the dishwasher even shines like new after each load (it used to get spotty as well with the other products I tried). I don't know if they are this great in every dishwasher, but they are a perfect match for the Bosch.A few other notes on the Bosch. It's very, very quiet. I like the racks...they work well for my oddball collection of vintage dishes and glasses. I looked at a lot of dishwashers before buying the Bosch and I liked the simplicity of design. It cleans well but doesn't need a built in disposal or hot water heater to get the job done. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:25:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
26200517	Unfortunately, this dishwasher was already installed when I moved in to my house.  While I give it an A+ for being sleek and extremely quiet, those can't make up for the fact that it does not clean your dishes.  Even if I 'pre-wash' my dishes, they come out looking worse than they did going in.  It seems that this is a common issue with Thermador dishwashers (my other appliances are great).  Also, be careful not to close the door all the way when the dishwasher is not in use.  Like a front loading washer, it's super sealed and you can open it up three weeks later and find it's still damp and a bit of mold is starting to grow.Given that all the high end, quick wash, ultra-quiet dishwashers are having so many problems, I'd recommend going for a Kitchen-aid or an appliance that get's higher marks than one star. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:25:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
34615315	Worlds smallest and most frustrating dishwasher.  The top rack fits almost nothing.  It is set very high, cannot accommodate more than four wine glasses, does not really fit cereal bowls.  Bottom rack is small too.  I wish I had seen it in person and not bought it on-line.  A complete waste of money. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:25:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
17842519	This machine has continual problems with the lids closing and sealing properly so that water doesn't leak out and set off the flood code warning shutting the machine down. We have had ours serviced about every 18 months. This last time the repair estimate bill for the replacing lids and drop-down motors was $482, which would bring our total cost for repairs in excess of what the dishwasher cost us in the first place. I'm tired of the service guys telling me they don't see many of these but when they do its always the same problem. Fisher  Paykel, this thing is a piece of JUNK!!! You should be replacing EVERY ONE of these pieces of **** AT NO CHARGE! My wife hates this thing so much I don't she would even consider a free replacement. I want to give this product review ZERO STARS, but it won't let me do that so one star it is. DO NOT BUY!!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:29:15	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78017293	We had a Bosch and Miele. Both were fine units, but I did not like the lack of an internal garbage disposal in them.The KitchenAid has worked flawlessly for us. It cleans well. And the features are sufficient (good choice of cycles, and easy to load/unload).There are some other reviews that mention the noise level. Ours is silent. But I believe that is because of the cabinet it is in. The quality of the surrounding cabinet is as much a factor of the noise as the unit itself. The noise from the front is minimal. And I have opened the unit while it was running by mistake thinking that it was done. So it can be 'very' quiet when installed with proper insulation around it.My only regret is that we did not get the model with the cutlery rack on top. I would like to have purchased the model with that feature to try it out.Aside from that, the unit runs daily (sometimes two loads a day), as we have 5 kids and they invite many friends over... So the unit gets a good workout and has kept us happy.Again, I don't have anything bad to say about the Bosch and Miele units, other than they did not have the internal garbage disposal unit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:29:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
45480538	I bought a house last year and inherited this dishwasher.  I was really excited at first because it is so quiet you can barely hear it running.  I was quickly disappointed when I found out what a horrible job it does cleaning dishes.  NOTHING on the top rack is clean, no matter what cycle I try.  Bowls still have food residue in them every time.  All of my plastic cups have a cloudy residue in the bottom of them.  Nothing in the top rack dries completely, even when the rinse aid container is full.  This dishwasher is absolutely horrible and I cannot wait to replace it.  I would recommend that anyone considering purchasing an Electrolux look at other brands. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:29:15	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
25939156	In spite of the negative reviews for this dishwasher (Avanti DW181SS) on Amazon.com, we went ahead and took our chances because reviews on other sites (compactappliances.com and others) were great. The dishwasher was delivered on time and we just had it installed earlier this week. Bottom line, we LOVE it! We (a family of 4, including two adults and 2 babies) can fit a whole days worth of dishes in it; it's relatively quiet compared to other dishwashers; and it cleans the dishes great! Even the normal-rapid cycle (~38 minutes) cleans the dishes wonderfully. I would highly recommend this dishwasher! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:29:15	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62080430	I ordered this on Amazon and they did great delivering it but I have to say, it's not a very good dishwasher.  It just doesn't do a very good job cleaning the dishes and I don't know what to do about it.  It's so bad I haver to clean again using a sponge - so what's the point.  Plus, it doesn't heat dry very well either, I wish I had my old Maytag back. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:29:15	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28531863	Flooded my house. valve did not shut off. it was mess. food gets jammed. no garbage disposal.threw it away in the dumpster. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:30:45	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23123687	I like others, woe the day that I bought this dishwasher. It is very stylish and quiet most of the time.  It seems the first  and second cycle are more noisy than the rest which are very quiet.  After using it for three months we still have not found a way to place dishes and bowls so that they will stay upright and not touch other dishes.  As other have said be careful not to block the soap dispensing door with a tall item.  We have tired all the cycles and have not found one that will continually get the dishes and glasses clean.  There are always a few pieces in every load have to be rewashed, usually by hand because of dried on debris.  I feel that because the machine uses so little water that it never gets any hot water, as before the hot water travels all the way from the hot water tank to the dishwasher, the machine is full. Even if you run your hot water, there is so little in the machine that it is easily cooled down by the cold dishes and interior of the machine.  This dishes are only dry if I run the machine at night and then take them out the next morning, but there are still a few wet items.  I can't believe that Samsung has produced such an inferior product.  All seven low end dishwashers that I have owned previously have done a better job than this one.  Has anyone seen an explanation from Panasonic? 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:30:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
63922575	So far, so good.  I got my Danby d/w last week.  Delivery and shipment was well done.  Came as a box within a box so there was no damage to the machine.Unfortunately, it's too big to fit on my counter.  There is only 17#34; clearance from my countertop to the bottom of my cabinets but I had a wheeled file cabinet to use until I figure out what to do.I ran the machine and it worked like a pro.  My glasses came out way cleaner than when done by hand -- not sure if it's the hot water rinse or what.  So far, I'm happy.I read alot of reviews -- some negative about this machine so I've kept the box and packing in tact until I'm sure but so far, so good. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:30:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
86353516	We've had this dishwasher for over a year now and it has been spectacular! I love not having to hand wash the dishes. I have had problems when using Jet dry rinse agent. It creates tons of suds but that could be due to our water. I use Lemishine now with no sudsing problems. Also my large dinner plates don't fit upright. I have to put them in on a slant being careful not to block the detergent dispenser. Those are the only two issues I've had and they were both easily fixed. The dishwasher fits perfectly on the counter top near the sink. The water hoses are lonh enough if you don't want to put it directly next to the sink. I love this dishwasher! It's perfect for our apartment. I highly recommend it! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:30:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81111433	Word to the wise.............. There is NO MORE Maytag Corp.......... Whirlpool puts in there parts in and slaps a Maytag sticker on it. Quality has long gone from the Maytag name............. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:30:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	no description of problems	false
40905308	We've had this dishwasher about three years now, as best I recall.It replaced a Whirlpool dishwasher (also not very good but better than this one) that one day burned itself out shooting flames out the front. This KitchenAid has done nothing so dramatic but, well, it doesn't clean the dishes either. Since that's the primary reason we bought this, not just to fill the space between cabinets, we've been very disappointed with it. As other reviewers have mentioned, it isn't all that quiet and the dishes often come out dirtier than they went in. I'm not a believer in rinsing every particle of food from my dishes before putting them in to wash--if that's not the dishwasher's job, then why exactly do I need one? Just to add a little lather to the mix?--but that is what I would have to do to get a consistently clean load, and I'm actually not convinced that would even do it. It's like little grains of gunk appear out of nowhere and harden themselves onto the side of a cup or the inside of a bowl.I did a lot of research before buying this dishwasher, so how I managed to end up with such a dismal one baffles me. Possibly it was a newer model and no one knew yet that it wasn't going to age well. There's no way I can see it lasting more than a couple more years, if only because I will eventually get fed up and rip it out to replace it with something better and almost certainly cheaper, as this was around $600--ripoff.I will not buy another major appliance with the KitchenAid brand. Now that they are owned by Whirlpool, it's the same low quality but with a higher price tag.EDIT: I can't believe I forgot to mention one of the most annoying things about this dishwasher: the flatware basket is falling apart. We have rather heavy flatware and many pieces of plastic at the bottom of the basket have snapped out, meaning we have to be careful how we place our eating utensils or they will fall right through the bottom. We have had this flatware for a long time and this didn't happen in our other dishwashers.EDIT: I also forgot to mention that this dishwasher gets so hot on the 'heat dry' option that I finally had to stop using it because I didn't want to melt another plastic dish. I know you have to be careful with plastic in dishwashers but this thing gets so hot it actually seems dangerous. I can't count how many things have warped or melted in it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:32:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
19410791	We bought this dishwasher a year and half ago because of decent reviews and because Consumer Reports rated it favorably. I'm disappointed to say that we will be spending over $225 to get the control panel fixed after it quit working. We didn't buy the cheapest model because we wanted something with nice features that would last. I will say that this is the LAST time that I will buy a Whirlpool appliance. I would tell anyone to STAY AWAY from this dishwasher, unless you want to have some expensive fixes in the future. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:32:34	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
75319643	I am very glad I decided to spend the extra money on the Frigidaire.  The dishwasher is solid and compact.  It rolls easiliy around my kitchen, and is super easy to hook up.  No nightmare stories like some of the other brands I've read about.It is reasonably quiet, or as loud as other dishwashers are.  It was bigger than I expected inside, and holds a good amount of dishes for an 18 wide space.I have been running this machine solid for several weeks now, and it was a blessing to have at Christmas with many of my relatives over for dinner.  Life is GRAND now that I own this dishwasher.What an upgrade after handwashing all my dishes for the past 10 years.It's GREAT! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:32:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21293393	I have been using the dishwasher for about a week. Holds all the dishes that is dirtied during the day for 2 people. Cleans dishes really good. Takes 2 seconds to connect to faucet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:32:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56058303	I was very tired of washing dishes by hand since my little old house did not have one.This was the best thing that I have done for me and the dishes!It cleans the dishes wonderful, better than handwashing them. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:32:34	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
63881338	Do not buy, just after warranty we noticed a snapping as the door was opened, fixed it.  250 bucks, 4 months later 3 of the 4 roller wheels have broken off the upper rack.  70 bucks in parts.  So googled the model and read the horrible reviews.  And the customer service is a joke.  Kitchenaid #34;we'll charge you top dollar for garbage#34; and just don't care - never never never again 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:34:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
5834970	About two years ago I purchsed all new appliances (new home).  Everything has worked as expected... the washer and dryer are fine, the fridge, the microwave.  Well, the Frigidaire Stainless Steeldishwasher has been poor to say the least.  After about 2 months we noticed the spring to the door was getting louder... we didn't think much of it.  About a year after having it, a plastic 'wing' (the only way I can think to describe it) was found on the bottom... it attached somewhere to the top rack but I couldn't figure out where at all.Now, two years later the spring is absolutely terrible.  I advise buying any other dishwasher: avoid the Frigidaire Mfr. model #PLMV169DC. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:34:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
19206134	I bought one of these dishwashers in Aug.2006 as a package of Professional Series appliances for a new house. The dishwasher is really quiet but I have had trouble with the top rack simce day 1. It always comes off the rollers. I had a repairman come to the house and he replaced a few rollers with the same type as original. Not a fix. He agreed they were under engineered and left me several to replace as time went on. My final fix was to have a machine shop make me new rollers out of stainless steel with the sides a bit higher so the extension rack wouldn't twist out.Plastic tub, plastic rollers and a cheap extension rack -- there's a recipe for disaster. Next dishwasher will have a stainless tub and a better roller system. Frigidaires customer service is horrible. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:34:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
18509569	I'd be interested to hear whether any of the other reviewers have had this problem, but a couple of months after installing this dishwasher, it started to smell terrible. After months of trying to keep the filter clean and living with the terrible odor, I called a repairman since it is still under warranty. He came and cleaned out the filter and sold me some dishwasher cleaner and told me that it is normal to have 1/4 inch of water under the filter after running the dishwasher. That is the source of the smell. He ran the dishwasher with the cleaner and a couple of hours later... still stinky! I've googled it and this seems to be very common to Bosch owners. I will absolutely never buy a Bosch dishwasher again.Pros: *It does a decent job cleaning the dishes, though it's not perfect. There is often food stuck to the dishes after running.Cons: *IT REEKS! *The dishes come out sopping wet unless you use Jet Dry, which is expensive. *It could definitely be roomier. My last dishwasher was a builder-grade basic one and I could fit a lot more dishes in it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:34:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
33931388	ok guys,it may not have all the bells and whistles but it sure does a darn good job cleaning the dishes.  it runs a little loud but who cares! look people it looks great does a nice job cleaning.  SAVE MONEY AND GO WITH  ITI DID HAPPY AS CAN BEgood luck! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:34:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17922348	Item was received on time.  Installation did require an extra fitting, so we were required to make a trip to Lowes to purchase it - less than $5, so no big deal, but it would have been better to have known that ahead of time.  The dishwasher works very well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:35:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
5850012	If you're expecting this to work like a standard dishwasher, don't purchase it.  For what it is -- a small, countertop dishwasher, it's great.A few negatives -- the dry cycle doesn't fully dry the dishes, it's very, very small (our dinner plates don't fit properly) and if you overload it, the dishes don't come out clean.  You also have to rinse off all food particles on dishes and silverware before loading, or else the food won't come off.However, if you don't have room for an under the sink dishwasher, this will do the trick.  It's easy to install, pretty quiet and the wash cycle is relatively quick. Just don't expect to get the power/space of a standard dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:35:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
34013137	Amazing this is great for anyone who is single or married with no kids. This dishwasher will clean and dry your dishes no question. Only negative is pots and pans make for a tight squeeze, so I wash them by hand. One tip always make sure your dishes face center and your set. Very easy installation and only slighter bigger than my 1350 watt microwave. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:35:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56019719	THIS UNIT COULD NOT IMPROVE, IT IS SO PERFECT.  HAVE HAD CLOSE TO 9 OR 10 OTHER DISHWASHERS, ALL INSTALLED OR FULL STANDING PORTABLES, MANY TOP BRANDS.  NONE OF THEM CLEANED ANY BETTER THAN THIS ONE.  Yes, it does not hold as much, but I am now seventy and living alone and this is just plain perfect for me.  I use the Cascade complete small pouches and just put in one and walk away knowing that I will not have any dried-on food after the dishwasher finishes its cycle.  It has a wide selection of cycles to use for different purposes, have used most, all work fine.  As I said, I am seventy years, completely set it up myself with no problems other than toggling it back and forth on stools to lift up to counter by myself.  Once up there, could not be easier to set up.Would highly recommended to anyone needing a small dishwasher, would be difficult to utilize in a family situation.  Would probably need to run 2/3 times per day if more than 3/4 in family.  What really surprises me is how quiet the unit is when running.  do hear the water exiting the hoses but you have that with any.  Forgot to add, the packing of this unit is unbelievable.  Would have taken a Mac Truck to damage it.  To those that claim they have difficulty loading this, I recommend reading the manual front to back, unlike a lot of manuals, this one is helpful.  As with most new things, there is a learning curve.  But the time put into learning, pays off with great rewards.AUGUST 11, 2012.  Have now had this lovely machine a good two months, running every day.Still performing perfectly.  Could not ask for better help in the kitchen, except now if I could only get it to clean out the leftovers from the refrigerator... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:35:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62427243	I purchased this item having read the company's comments on the need for a standard faucet. The two faucets I have are cheap standard faucets from a large hardware store.  Well, sure enough, neither faucet fits.  I called Danby.  I was told there was nothing I could do but replace the faucet or return the item. I am a single women in her fifties. Returning the item is a tad difficult.  I called again, a few days later, and spoke with the exact same young man.  He remembered me and said that he had nothing new to tell me with just a slight tone to his voice.  Come to find out he did not even know the parts of the product that we were discussing.  When I asked to speak to a supervisor he said,  sure, you can talk to everyone that I talked to and they will all tell you the same thing, but you can talk to them if you want.   (the irritation and sarcasm were stunning).  I have now been on the phone for a half an hour, I wait for the supervisor. I asked her if she could give me the specs of the adaptor so that I could find a compatible adapter.  (The young man did not even know what an adaptor was.)  She took out a ruler and measured the width of the adapter. Both customer service people repeatedly told me that Danby does not make those parts  and they do not know what their competitors do.  So as of this moment, I cannot tell you how the dishwasher works, but I can tell you how the customer service doesn't work.  I have a dishwasher but no way to use it according to Danby. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:35:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44312293	Excellent little dishwasher for a small kitchen, single person. I've had this since the summer and use it every day.  It will only hold dishes and one or two very small mixing bowls, plus two or three glasses and a cup or two.It saves money in terms of water use and electricity.  You need to have a good tight connection on the faucet; ask a plumber if you need to before using it.  I did and am not sorry.  He showed me how to connect and use it, although that is not necessary.  I wanted to be sure of the connection as this is a rental unit.It runs well, takes over an hour to do the cycle, so it's slow, but well worth the effort to purchase from Amazon.  Warning:  it is heavy, so when it arrives, get some help if you need it to lift up onto the counter.  There are two sizes, so measure your space before ordering. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:37:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
59256456	This is an excellent counter top dishwasher. It is my second counter top and by far the best. It holds more dishes and silverware than I thought it would. I like having the controls on top. My grandson can't reach them or open the door. The dishwasher cleans everything great. I also like the black color because it matches my stove. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:37:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32606896	Very nice small countertop unit. Holds enough for two people. Only run it every few days and according to the tag it runs for peanuts. Sure beats doing dishes. Thanks Amazon!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:37:57	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88356758	the door is so light weight, even though we were very careful inserting the machine into the space, the door collapsed 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:37:57	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67178031	I have an older FP double drawer dishwasher that was purchased when they were first introduced. Couldn't wait to get a double drawer dishwasher. Well, within 2 months I couldn't wait to get rid of it.An hour and a half wash cycle? You've got to be kidding. And very limited room for glassware, not to mention NO cal rod coil to heat the water enough to sanitize or totally dry the dishware and glassware. The air dry these units have might save a few cents on the electric bill. But for my money I want clean, sanitized and heated DRIED dishes.I ended up just purchasing two separate KA dishwashers, installed them side by side and they do a fantastic job and hold 1/2 again as much as the FP double drawer dishwasher held. Not to mention KA has a calrod coil (heating element) So everything gets sanitized and heat dried. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:37:57	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82961575	It's great and I couldn't function without it, but the drainage system doesn't seem great.I would have thought all the water would drain through the hoses, but if you run it more than once in a row (ie after making a large dinner and having company), it drains through the bottom of the dishwasher and leaves a large puddle to clean up.Otherwise, its exactly what I wanted. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:39:25	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
45694829	We were undecided between this dishwasher and the somewhat less expensive Maytag MDB8959.  This one looks very nice.  As best we can tell good cleaning an reliable.  The third rack looked very promising.We decided to try out our actual plates and glasses at the store.  The culinary rack is adjustable on this one, as is the top rack.  We could not find an adjustment where everything fit in well.  The tall glasses bumped up against the culinary third rack.  If we put them on the bottom rack, the spacing and holders weren't right.We now have the Maytag on order.  Everything fit into it on the second try.If your stuff fits into the Kitchenaid, it looks like it will be good, but do an actual test first. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:39:25	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
23356545	While it is true that this machine is very quiet, it does not clean well. The bottom rack is already broken, and we're waiting to see if it will be replaced. We have had to call for repairs twice in less than six months. The machine error code (in this case, E24) is cryptic and not explained in the manual or online. The machine becomes clogged and you have to bail it out or use a shop vac. The repair person felt that the draining system was poorly designed, and prone to clogging. Note that we tried all manner of detergents, followed loading instructions, and even experimented with different rinse agents that the machine seems to require to function well (we never felt the need to use these before). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:39:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
58533328	Will not dry, does not wash well, and it makes horrible metal on metal sounds. We have had the mechanism replaced 3 times and have given up. I believe in their attempt to make a tall tub, they made the wash/pump/heat mechanism TOO small and unreliable. Our dishwasher repairman says these LG products keep him very well paid as he goes from one to the other all day. Lowes will not sell these, and shame on Home Depot or anyone else that does. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:39:25	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82890271	We liked the sleek design of this dishwasher and the hidden controls but this dishwasher is the biggest hunk of junk and a total waste of money.  I agree with the previous comment about the soap dispenser....we just throw a dishwashing tablet in the bottom rather than attempting to use the dispenser.  That was, until the dishwasher decided not to work AT ALL.  The lights on the top panel just started flashing so we called Kitchen Aid and they said to contact the Sears repair dept.  The door hinges which are actually STRINGS broke about 6 months ago so we purchased a warranty service contract from Sears when they came to repair that problem.  So we contacted them again and the technician came out and ordered 3 parts.  One came within a week, the other 2 are on indefinite backorder.  After numerous phonecalls arguing with Sears (and getting hung up on 3 times while being transferred to higher-ups), we got nowhere.  Tomorrow will be the 31st day without a dishwasher so now I can request a $500 credit from Sears towards a new dishwasher.  Bottom line....don't waste your money on this product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:39:25	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35667178	I bought this product over 10 years ago from ABT, and I own a building where I have many other models.  This one simply cleans better, and is quieter than any other brand on the market. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:41:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
56897612	Quick version:  DO NOT BUY THIS LEAKY, NOISY PIECE OF JUNK.  Long version: I know it's hard Whirlpool - as the dishwasher technology has only been around since the 70s - but could you make a door that closes without releasing drips of water EVERY time.  You have to close the door JUST RIGHT or else you'll have water leaking from the bottom of the door seal (not much at all but it should be zero).  Maybe that part is an instalation error but the fact that this machine is one year old and the other day it started making a lot of new noises is not a good sign of things to come.  Weird noises coming out of the pump.  We use this piece of junk about twice per week - MAYBE.  It's just my wife and I and our 5 year old child so it's not like we have a huge family filling the thing everyday.  So buyer beware, look around and you'll see Whirlpool is nothing but junk.  It's hard to find a review on these things that is positive.  And it's even harder to put together a set of Whirlpool appliances that gets all around good reviews.  Hopefully, people catch on quickly and don't get burned as we did. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:41:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
47647102	Works great!  Didn't even know Amazon sold big items such as appliances.  This is not anything fancy, but gets the job done.  I'm so used to washing my pots and pans by hand that I haven't used the pots and pans cleaning feature, but I will try that soon.  I have bought a lot of appliances through Sears and have always been very satisfied with the Amana/Whirlpool brand, and this is no exception.  Can't beat the price either (I purchased before they raised it!).  Also, if you do purchase this item and want it professionally installed, call someone local, not Amana!  They charged more than what I paid and I had them dispose of the old dishwasher.  Amana charged more and would not get rid of the old dishwasher!  Also, installation prices vary from contractor to contractor, so call around! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:41:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90693025	I have had this for maybe a year now.  Have not had any issues with it.You it about every other day.  Does as nice job. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:41:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17405171	The Haier Countertop Dishwasher works great.  Item is a little bulk to fit on most countertops.  I actually cut a notch out of mine to fit it... :)Cleans pretty grimy dishes, but doesn't fit too much.  As long as you run dishes every day or two it will work great.  Great for college and renting! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:41:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68722907	Great  I have used more than Once and it is great.  Dishes come out very clean and less time is used 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:42:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58101733	I love, love, LOVE this dishwasher! It works extremely well. I purchased this Jan 9, 2009 and use it at LEAST once a day everyday, and it is still going strong. I rinse all my dishes well, cram as much as I can in it and run it. If I have an unusually large amount of dishes, I'll just run it twice in a row to get them all done. It's just my toddler and me so we usually only have about one load of dishes a day.I would take this over a regular dishwasher any day! My mother and my father and stepmom have dishwashers; the regular, permanent fixed into your cabinet kind. They are MAYBE just over twice as big as this wonderful little guy, and they take over TWO HOURS for each load! This haier dishwasher takes 34 minutes. That means you could wash almost 4 loads in this in the same amount of time as a regular dishwasher. That's A LOT more dishes in comparison! And they come out just as clean!Anyone that gave it a bad review is crazy. It is simply a miracle.(For example of space, I wash 3 or 4 of my daughter's plastic insulated straw cups, 2 glasses, 2 coffee mugs, about 6 saucers and 3 plates, 2 of my daughter's small plastic bowls, 4 regular cereal bowls, 5 spoons, 5 knives, 5 forks, and maybe some butter knives and plastic baby silverware, and if I have any dirty serving utensils or spatulas, that kind of stuff, I can fit 2 or 3 with everything else listed here! Seriously! This thing rocks!) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:42:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36104541	We bought this dishwasher to replace our ten-year-old Whirlpool, which never really cleaned well and which finally quit draining.  The most frustrating thing about it was the frequency with which it re-deposited food inside glasses.  My first choice was a Maytag with a hard food grinder, a filter, and steam, but it was not readily available in our area.  Having read the negative reviews about this less expensive dishwasher, we bought it with some trepidation.After using it for several weeks, I love it.  Our dishes come out not just clean but sparkling.  Because it has been years since I used a drying cycle, I do not miss heated drying at all.  I used to open the door of the Whirlpool at the end of the wash cycle, but this Bosch gets most of the dishes dry even with the door closed.  Although Bosch recommends using the auto cycle with the sanitize option to get the best drying, I have found that the auto cycle works well alone.  And even though I will follow Bosch's insistence that a rinse agent be used, I didn't notice any difference when I ran out of rinse agent.One of the features I like is that the filter and the spray arms can be removed easily if they become clogged.  This was not the case with our Whirlpool, and I often had to poke long pipe cleaners into one of the spray arms to clean it.Although I do not find this machine too small for our household of four adults, I do agree that the loading is awkward.  The pictures in the manual assume that you are washing a number of complete place settings, but few people do that.  We are simply loading dishes where they fit.  However, if you have children who load for you, this machine might pose problems.I do not miss rinse and hold or a short cycle as I seldom used them with previous dishwashers.  Although the cycles are somewhat longer than those on our Whirlpool, I have not found them inconvenient.People seem to love this dishwasher or hate it, and even those people who like it report success with different cycles or amounts of detergent.  I suspect that variations in households, including water hardness, account for some of these differences.In short, if you do not want or need the extra cycles or heated drying and you don't have children helping, I would not hesitate to recommend this Ascenta.  (And, yes, it is super quiet!) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:42:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
65355603	Bought mine in 2010. Never got the dishes very clean, and now I've just had the dreaded error code 1.  Can't be re-set. The dishwasher is a design disaster . . .  believe all the negative reviews. Electrolux is essentially a fraud. They are built by Frigidaire, which is the worst appliance manufacturer period. These are not high end appliances -- although they charge a premium price for them. They are horribly designed junk. And the company is completely unresponsive. They are essentially in the business of stealing money from people who make the mistake of buying their appliances. If there were any justice, they'd be prosecuted. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:42:28	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
60336801	UPDATE: 3-22-13.  I have used the dishwasher everyday. It has done a stand up job, cleaning well even the few times that I've put in way too much stuff. I usually open the washer after running to let everything dry completely. (faster after a normal load, since it is heated before finishing) It seems to be a quality machine and it has made our lives better.  Highly reccommended!Original Review Below:We received the dishwasher yesterday and I am very happy with it!  There weren't many options that I found for dishwashers like this but the 15 reviews that I found here on Amazon helped me make the decision, as usual. (5 reviews for this color and 10 for the identical machine in stainless, which wouldn't go with my other white appliances.) It arrived well packaged and I had to help the gal from FedEx get it out of the truck (122lbs). There was a hole in the box, but the machine was fine. It was easy to set up and is easy to use.  I have run two cycles so far, the first on the default, normal, and then today on speed. After the normal cycle, I had to open it right away, since there were items that I needed to get out and use. I then left the door cracked to let some moisture escape.  A lot of the heat had escaped when I got the stuff out and the dishes were still a little wet, but I did not use a rinse aid.  After the second cycle, I propped the door open about a half inch, but did not open it. This trapped the heat inside so the moisture was more likely to evaporate, (at least that's what I tell myself...) when I opened it 20 minutes later, it was considerably drier than on the first load.  I'll probably try some jet dri one day, but I it doesn't seem necessary. The machine is quiet and it has a nice stainless interior.  It seems to hold a lot considering its outer dimensions. It is just the same height as the counters and the stove that it sits between, so it adds continuity and useful counter space.  I'm a stay at home dad and I've been getting tired of washing dishes all the time! As someone else pointed out, while it's great to not be washing dishes all day, it's also great to have the counter tops clear! With no dishes piling up and getting rid of the drying rack, I have a nice clean counter top and that's something to be happy about! Another positive from my perspective, is that with its load capacity, it works great for a load a day. We don't keep a lot more dishes than we need in the kitchen and with a full sized dishwasher, we would likely run out of dishes before it filled up.  So, there isn't a need to run a partially empty dishwasher.The quality seems good. I am a pretty quality conscious consumer, and this seems like a well built machine.  Having just gotten it, I have no way to be sure, but if I have any quality concerns, be sure that I will come back to update this review!I think this is a great product and if it suits your needs, get one! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:42:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75426920	This dishwasher is sharp all around. It looks rich (without having to pay an arm and a leg) and runs very quietly. We really like it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68901922	Yes and the controll panel was pouring out smoke... NICE.  FYI this sucker is part of the Maytag recall.  Go to maytag's website and match up the model numbers.  To top it all off I too had the whole control panel replaced bc it had stopped working.  Now I am certain it isn't under warrenty anymore but is totally fried. We will be calling maytag and I will update later.  PLEASE do NOT buy until Maytag resolves it's fire hazard. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:43:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35287378	Purchased: 9/30/2009.  In less than two years years, we have had numerous leaking issues with this dishwasher. Our dishwasher begain leaking from the bottom right-corner of the door shortly after receiving it due to the fact that both splash guards had become dislodged and were sitting in the bottom of the dishwasher. Service was called and the unit repaired. Then a short while after that, the dishwasher flooded our newly remodeled kitchen due to a faulty water pump. When the service technician installed the new water pump (replaced under factory warranty), he also replaces the two splash guards as he had noticed they had cracked (rubber split apart from the plastic tab). Less than six months later, the dishwasher was again leaking from the bottom-right corner of the door and the splash guards were again split apart. I replaced the splash guards myself this time, saving a service call. In my opinion, the dishwasher was found to leak during testing of the design and the splash guards were created to address this obvious design flaw. However, every time you roll out the bottom tray, the rollers run directly over the rubber on the splash guards, which causes them to crack and then allow water to escape. Now a few months later, the idshwasher has again flooded our newly remodeled kitchen, and like the previous reviewer, we are no longer using it and trying to get Frigidaire to replace it. I would highly recommend looking for a different manufacturer when looking to purchase a dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:43:53	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
20295599	This little machine is a life safer on the road in our little RV.  The set up instructions are on YouTube, no trip to the hardware store required.  At  Amazon you get the best price for the machine. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33139433	This dishwasher is extremely quiet compared to the 12 year dishwasher I replaced.  The Hybrid Stainless Steel Interior means that the interior part of the door is stainless steel, but the interior tub is plastic. I knew that when I bought it and I don't have any issues with that being that way, but if all they say in the product description is Hybrid Stainless Steel Interior then I can see why it is misleading to someone who hasn't physically seen the dishwasher first.  The issue that I have is the rack design and its component parts.  The metal rack materials seem strong and sturdy and well protected by its coating, but the silverware baskets and flip down racks are extremely flimsy. In one respect I do like the way the basket have lids with holes to insert the handles of the spoons and forks, and the blades of the knives.  I'm assuming that makes it more efficient to clean them.  The problem is that the doors on top of the basket are extremely flimsy, difficult to close, and likely to break in a year's time (although none have broken yet).  The slots for the knives are so close together that the handles get in the way of each other.  We were having problems getting all the dish washer soap to dissolve until we figured out that the soap dispenser is blocked by the silverware baskets.  If you put a lot of silverware directly in front of the soap dispenser, it blocks the water going into the dispenser and it leaves residual soap, even when using the recommended Cascade ActionPacs.  There are flip down racks that are used to hold up wine glass stems.  The are removable and that's the way we keep it 98% of the time otherwise they just get in the way.  But now I have to store this racks somewhere so that when I do want to use them, I can.  I find that really annoying.  I find it really annoying to load the dishwasher because of the rack space.  For dinner plates, the prongs are so far apart laterally that it can really only take large plates and does not work well with the square plates we bought at the same time.  The top rack has a recess for the sprayer that protrudes into the upper rack space, making it almost useless for stacking small bowls and plates.  Don't even think of using the middle of the rack to put glasses.  I feel like the design takes away about 1/3 to 1/2 of the capacity of what the upper rack could hold if it were designed properly. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
64660338	I bought this portable dishwasher because I do not have a large kitchen.  This dishwasher does a GREAT JOB!!!!!!  I washed my old Revereware copper bottom pot and the copper came out bright and shiny!!!  Stainless steel also came out very shiny!  The dishwasher has the ability to soften its own water with dishwasher salt.  Even though I have City water I ordered the salt from Amazon.com. I ordered the Whirlpool salt.  The dishwasher is quiet.  Other reviews comment on its long cycle time (about 2 hours).  After hand washing all my dishes for the past 15 years. This is not an issue with me.  The timing is less than properly hand washing dishes and pots.  My only complaint is the faucet adapter has a small opening for water to flow through.  This causes water to splash when washing my hands.  However, this machine is worth the splash.  I just had to get used to setting the faucet on low.My BIG complaint is like other reviewers, the instruction manual is awful... I am thankful there are You Tube videos to help me the first time I used the dishwasher.  My big problem was I did not realize that when the red lights were blinking it meant the dishwasher was running.  Green light means it is turned on.  And as with any dishwasher, open the dishwasher when cycle is completed (it will beep 7 times). This will assist in releasing steam and will help dry the dishes.  Also, if you are new to owning a dishwasher, always remove the  clean dishes from the bottom rack first. This is in case items on the top rack has nooks and crannies that pool a little water.In a nutshell BUY THIS DISHWASHER! But, watch videos on how to run, as the Instruction Manual is not helpful! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:45:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
17096407	Whirlpool poducts have been above average for many years in performance and reliability , and i have owned their equipment for over 35 years and this dishwasher is an exceptional value.. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:45:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84051386	Can't say anything good or bad about the item as it was damaged each time it arrived (2x).  I don't think it was the package as much as the shipping servicing handling of the item.  One was bashed in on the side and the second was cracked down the bottom panel.  I could only return one since the first box was destroyed in the rain (by being left outside by the shipping company).  Now I have to go find a box for the 2nd one since Amazon can't seem to supply me with one.  So no full refund since I have to go shop for a box and buy one to return the damaged item in. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:45:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
25426077	I'm your average 30 year old living in NYC in a modest sized apartment, of course, with no dishwasher and no ability to install one based on my lease contract. My roomate and I had a dishwasher in our old apartment and have really been terrible about doing the dishes, but since neither of us like looking at a sink full of dirty cups, I took matters into my own hands and bought this baby. So far I've had it about a week and here are my initial thoughts:1. This is perfect for your normal city dweller running mugs/cups/utensils from food delivery and maybe a plate or two. If you have a big family or a lot of dishes it'll still get the job done, but its not really tailor made for that.2. I've been using those Cascade three-in-one dishwasher tablets and they work really well, all the dishes come out clean and sparkly just like at my parent's house!3. It was super easy to set up, although it is a big large on my countertop. However, its a price I'm willing to pay for having a dishwasher and it is nice looking alongside my stainless steel appliances. Not exactly stainless steel itself, but close enough.4. Its rather quiet and doesn't move around or anything.Once or twice I've gotten an E1 error part was through doing the wash, which it seems like just meant I didn't have my water turned on high enough. Since making that change it has completed each was perfectly (I've done about one a day just because its so exciting, I can't use up my cups fast enough!)I will update if I have any issues, and for the first time ever I bought the 3 year warantee because there was no way I was going to try and mail this beast somewhere if something happened. I hope I won't need it since the quality really is quite good, but for $30 its worth the peace of mind, even though its usually a sucker move.So if you're looking for a little dishwasher to make your urban life feel more suburban, this little guy really does the trick! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:45:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
39073197	We have had the same issues others have had.In our case we do dishes around every other day or every day, and we use to use normal dry soap.  The dishes never seemed to get clean and the system broke while under warranty.  It was fixed and the repair guy told us that we were using too much soap.  So we reduced the amount of soap and the dishes came out worse.  We then had it break again this time out of warranty and it cost about $400 to get fixed.  We then switched to the gel packets and the cleaning was acceptable.  Granted they are expensive, but at least they worked and cleaned our dishes.  Now the system broke again.  It looks like the pump again, so we are going to cut our losses and get another dishwasher.  We are going back to Kitchen Aid.  We had that brand before our move to a new house and it lasted fine for over 10 years.My advice is to avoid LG dishwashers at all cost.  We do have their washer and dryer though and they held up well so far (4 years). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:45:45	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
87422431	The LG LDS5540ST is a new dishwasher for LG.  After buying the top rated Consumer Reports Dishwasher (the Bosch),I returned it for the new LG.  The Bosch was smaller and had no flexibility with the tines; it was like doinga jigsaw puzzle every time I loaded it.  I was impressed with the LG initially with the all Stainless Steelinside  outside, simple controls that you can see on the front, and the flexibility of the tines.I have owned an LG clothes washer and dryer for several years with which we have been very happy.  This dishwasheris so quiet that it is difficult to even hear it working; a big contrast to the 10 year old GE that it replaced.I discovered, after a service call, that the only cycle where the water is actually heated is the finalrinse; since there is no heating element at the bottom, a fan blows the hot air around after the rinse cycle to dry the dishes.It works fairly well as long as you use rinse aid; some water accumulates on the top of some items in the top rack,like wine glasses, etc.  I am surprised that it uses only the hot tap water for all the cycles except thefinal rinse.  The instruction book says it heats the wash cycle to 140 (145 for power scrub); but, the technical instructions(which can be found behind the panel in the front at the bottom) for service shows the heater only working in the final rinse.This is supposed to be an energy saving feature, I am told.  Apparently, the instructions for the repair people don't translateinto the consumer instruction book. It seems to clean ok, but I am not totally comfortable with the wash water ending up atroom temperature at the end of the cycle. I don't think most people use room temp water to wash their dishes.And, although most of the tines adjust, it is very difficult to put wine glasses in the top rack.I am not sure what kind of wine glasses they use in Korea, but the dishwasher does not easily accommodate the ones made in the us.Lastly, as someone has noted, the angle of the tines for the dinner plates cause them to crash into each other and chipif you are not careful when pushing in the lower rack.  It's too bad that a newly designed dishwasher has all these issues. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:47:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
78298008	I went to the main website that my dishwasher was bought from and read up on what all my dishwasher was supposed to have with it and what it does and when I got it well I was a little dissapointed but I am not completely disappointed. I have wanted a dishwasher for so long and since it does clean very nicely and it does do pots and pans I am keeping it. I wish I had gotten more for what I paid for it but this being my first purchase of a dishwasher I really didn't know what to expect. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:47:18	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14534956	Bought our first one from Future Shop last November, its July now. It took 3 weeks to seize up with a heater error, indicated by HE on the display. Future Shop replaced the unit, but it took 3 weeks of hand washing until the replacement arrived. It took the second unit 3 more months until it generated the same HE and seized up again. The service call to SAMSUNG was initially dealt with well, however, the service tech took 3 weeks to get the parts he thought would fix the machine. On advice from SAMSUNG he replaced the motherboard and the heater relay, and then left without running a proper test of the unit. The unit was still generating the HE warning. 3 more weeks go by until the same service tech (Direct Energy) finally got ahold of a new heating element and replaced it. Problem solved... not! After the repair the unit was louder, but we ignored it. 2 months later the unit started stalling in the middle of the cycle. The timer would not count down, but the unit would keep running incessantly until you manually stopped it. Last week we made another service call to have this problem fixed, but after a week no one got back to us. Then, as if it actually had a mean spirited sense of humour, the machine seized up again displaying HE. Another service call to SAMSUNG and we're back in limbo. This product is a piece of garbage! I haven't spent this much time washing dishes by hand since I left home 25 years ago. Oh, and all the other critiques of this product are true as well. Doesn't clean all that well, and the racks are designed too tightly so you have to spread the dishes out, using up valuable space, and not getting in as many dishes. Also, goes through rinse aid like a drunk in a brewery. DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT. DO NOT SUPPORT SAMSUNG. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:47:18	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
36511096	Purchased this dishwasher new three years ago. Looks great, but doesn't fully clean dishes. We use name brand soap and rinse aid, however still find it necessary to thoroughly rinse dishes before running through dishwasher. Based upon our experience, we could not and would not recommend this particular dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:47:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
90996112	This product isn't worth its money, any money for all I know. Firstly, the washer is way too small, even for a family of three. You can hardly fit a day's worth of dishes in there. It is loud and its cycles don't rinse properly. Secondly, the Haier customer service is unprecedented in its poor performance. I would strongly advise against this buy. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:47:18	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46678212	I bought this washer on June 9th, 2011. It has worked great up till this the first week in March 2012. Why do I give it one star then? Because once it stops running it becomes totally worthless, and a lot of trouble to replace or even find some way to discard it.It started showing the problems that several other posters here have reported, it filled itself with water, then it skipped cycles all the way to the end. Finally it skipped ALL cycles and doesn't spray any water at all. It just sucks the water in, then after thirty minutes of silence, it spits the water out and claims it's done!It's too bad, the 8 months that it worked it ran like a charm. But for it to break with what is obviously a known flaw (because the flaw recurs again and again with other units) is very disappointing, and shows that it was only luck, not quality, that kept it running for 8 months. And I'm sorry, but with shipping plus cost, $400 is just too much to pay for a washer that suddenly dies after 8 months. I expected at least 5 years of service before anything went wrong. And based on the other reviews here, this is a design flaw in the unit.I think Danby should recall this unit and replace or repay everyone who has one. I'll call the company on Monday and post an update of what they say. In the meantime I found a listed Danby service dealer not far away who I will also call on Monday. Hopefully they can repair this unit for not too much money.Otherwise, with this commonly reported failure of this unit, it looks like this product is just a lemon waiting to happen!UPDATE: Since I don't live in Canada (I live in US) it turns out Danby can't even get the replacement part here for up to 8 weeks! Also, the appliance repair companies around here are very dodgy, they have a lot of complaints on the Internet. Some reviewers said you can't blame Danby for that, but I think you can. If Danby produced a washer that worked for five years, I wouldn't be talking with low-rated appliance repair outfits at all! It took 2 weeks to get one of the low rated appliance repair companies to look at it, then I called them after two more weeks and they were saying it would be 8 weeks before the part got here. That's over 2 months! Which is more than 20% of the entire warranty, when the machine is not even running. So if it gets repaired then breaks again a week later, I guess I'd have to wait another 8 weeks again. Instead of wasting my time like that, I just bought a 24 inch wide portable washer by Kenmore through Sears. It got here in two weeks, and it runs great (though a little noisy). I had them haul away the broken Danby, a brand I'll never buy again. I guess if you live in Canada it would be a good brand. Or if you get one of those reported that has run for years, rather than the 8 months mine ran for, it might not be so bad. But once mine broke it was huge trouble and problems and waiting. My new washer can be repaired in just one week, so, I would avoid the Danby, and spend a couple hundred more for a locally repairable, reputable brand name if I were buying a portable washer all over again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:49:09	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
58280425	I bought this about 6 months ago and have been pleasantly surprised, as I read the review on last years model and saw they had a challenge with customer service. I was curious as to wether or not I could use the tab soap, (you can now)they were polite and helpful. The double drawers are convienient....especially when one drawer is clean and you don't have time to unload prior to throwing more in the other drawer. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:49:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73752900	I'm considering this item. Can anyone who owns it provide its true dimmensions?LxWxH 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:49:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	not an actual review	false
84857243	Purchased the extended warranty for a total of two years warranty. Had it fixed once while under warranty. After the warranty ended, the LED board stopped working, and it would not turn on.  So I had to pay over $300 to fix.  Exactly 36 days later, the same thing happened.  Brandsmart in Florida only covers repairs for 30 days, so now I have to pay all over again. I will never buy another Maytag product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:49:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
82295127	Works great and holds more than I thought.You wont be getting your long baking pans in here but everything else is fair game!Gosh I hated washing dishes and this SPT saved me! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:49:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
73788155	Liked the looks of this but have regretted buying it since it was installed. The top shelf doesnt hold enough glassware because adjustment handles are in the way.  The bottom rack is the worst. The pegs that hold the plates and dishware aren't high enough, so the dishes are constantly knocking together and have to be laid in a slant instead of straight up. This has caused many of my dishes to chip. Also, the bottom rack does not roll out smoothly and hits on the door panel, again causing the dishes to hit.The dishwasher cleans and dries well, but the overall design is very poor. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:50:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59660379	Doesn't clean. Can only fit every day dishes, no pitchers, no pans, no sheets, etc. Did I mention that it doesn't clean.When the repair man came to work on it, he mentioned how much he disliked this dishwasher.Ended up buying a new dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:50:33	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
40009744	I bought one of these over ten years ago and it worked great. A couple of years ago I moved into a house with a built in dishwasher and gave the Dandy to my daughter who used it for two years until it died. Then I bought her another one for Christmas. I'm happy to see it is identical to the old one, and seems to be working just as well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:50:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
49554923	I love it makes everything easier, I run a load 1 a week, its perfect for single person and is very quiet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:50:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
39413361	I have had this model only about a week, and I like it a lot so far. I replaced a 13 yr old Whirlpool that was still working, just really noisy. I was a little hesitant at first seeing some of the DMT300 reviews on dish drying, but my unit does not seem to be having any trouble with this. I used the rinse aid as suggested and our dishes are dryer and cleaner than with our old dishwasher.I like the display on the front that indicates which cycle it is in. The control buttons are hidden on top, so the cool blue indicator lights on front are nice. The inside of the unit seems bigger than our old model, and it is definitely bigger than some of the Bosch units we looked at. While it is not silent, I find the noise level to be quite low.This unit is easy to install yourself, however there are a couple of important points that you should know if you are replacing an old dishwasher:1) The unit does not come with a power cord, so make sure to pull the one from your old unit. Actually, this is pretty absurd not to have one!2) You must add a 90 deg, 3/8 elbow for the water line. It also is not included so you will have to buy one. Again, this is absurd!3) You don't need to keep the drain hose since it is attached to the back of the unit.4) The power and water supply are on the front bottom of the unit behind the kickplate. Nice for access, however if your old parts are not long enough to reach to the front then you will need new ones.Overall I am pleased with the unit so far. If anything changes I will update my review. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:50:33	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
20684142	This is not the great dishwasher I expected.  It is extremely quiet, and I do find that I can fit quite a few more plates and bowls in the lower rack, since the silverware racks are not taking up that space.  I do like the controls on the front, though I miss having a count-down timer that tells me how much time is left in the cycle.On the downside, silverware placed into the utensil rack on the top rack does not get clean.  We have to put it all in the lower rack.  I don't feel the dishes get as clean in general as with our old dishwasher, even if they are rinsed before placing them in.  We have used Finish tabs with the power ball for years, but find they don't dispense correctly in this dishwasher.  We found the partially dissolved powder streaked down the door at the end of the cycle, and dirty dishes.  The much more expensive gel pack detergent seems to work better.My biggest gripe is that the door will not stay closed.  I have to press firmly and hold it shut while I hit the start button, and even then, it often pops back open, interrupting the cycle.  This seems to be due to the trim pieces.  I am ready to remove them entirely, though my husband seems to think they protect the surrounding cabinets.Overall, would not recommend this model to a friend. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:58:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
21114260	How in Gods name are people making it these days without a garbage disposal first off. In the 70s thats the first thing we learned. God since 1983 things really are going to hell. Anyhoo, Built in dishwashers are the greatest things since sliced bread. or packaged wonder bread. I think armour hot dogs and Lafeyette bread hold the record. My dad said he went to a landfill and 5 years later the only thing standing was a armour hot dog. He said Lafayette bread lasted so long it made wonder bread look bad. And why in Gods name did they take the additives and preservatives out of food, It makes a biscuit so hard you could throw it through a window. Anyway this is a good dishwasher if you have a home and family. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:58:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60814949	We just had a new mile dishwasher installed, and had the same issue, about the door being stuck in the open position. called tech support, they were very helpful, and my waiting time on the phone was less than 30 seconds. They also told me to be assertive and pull the door AWAY from the arm piece attaching it, and that it would get easier over time......so i'm doing another load. Glad it was a simple problem. Would have been nice if the authorized installers were a little more knowledgable, they made me feel very uncertain about a great product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:58:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
67760571	We bought this dishwasher a month ago, and are generally pleased with it. It washes the dishes well, and is sufficiently adjustable to take tall items in either  shelf. It is extremely quiet. It takes 105-120 minutes to run a cycle, but that's standard these days for energy efficient machines. I do wish that instead of a countdown, the LED display would show what part of the cycle it was at (wash, rinse, or dry).Our major complaint is that the tines that separate and support the dishes aren't well suited for our dishes. They all slant, and they are fairly close together, so putting in glasses or mugs or pitchers is difficult, because you want them to stand vertically and the tines make this hard to accomplish. Because the tines are so close together, bowls will fit only if you lie them flat, taking up a lot of space per bowl. Our soup bowls are fairly curvy, not the flattish ones you find in elegant china, and there's really no way to stack them. (You can lie half the tines flat, but then there's no dish support at all.) Think about how _your_ dishes will fit in the dishwasher, before you choose this one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:58:17	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
29787828	Steer clear of Maytag, they have a VERY POOR product, and zero customer service. This is a company that DOES NOT stand behind their product, they use loop holes and play games with their customers. We purchased our Maytag dishwasher from Home Depot and it was delivered and installed on Saturday. Yesterday afternoon it stopped working, after looking in the user manual it was determined that service was needed on it...after 2  days and 3 wash loads. My husband called Home Depot and they tried bending over backward to get us a replacement but called back and told us that here hands were tied by Maytag's policies, we were informed that Maytag has a 48 hour return window and that we were just HOURS outside of that and were told to call and explain to Maytag that we were UNABLE to call last night. We called Maytag and they did not care. I was passed to 3 different people including a supervisor who would only say that they could send out a technician on FRIDAY. We purchased a $500 dishwasher that worked for 2 days and now we are stuck without one. I had to hold my ground very stubbornly and DEMAND that she call the technicians in our area to get us fit in so that we were not without this much needed appliance for 3 days. She finally got a hold of someone who said he will be out tomorrow. We are EXTREMELY angered, disappointed and frustrated with the pure lack of customer service on Maytag behalf. Home Depot has been GREAT. Think twice before purchasing Whirlpool or Maytag! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 04:58:17	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64407604	I own an LG dishwasher, anLDS5811ST.It performed well for three years and then the main motor assembly had to be replaced at a cost equal to one third of the original purchase price.My previous dishwasher was a low priced Maytag which ran reliably for 14 years. It was noisy and inefficient but did the job. I also owned an LG microwave which needed a new motor after only two years. I got rid of it, the parts were almost as much as a new one. My point is that if you value reliability, don't buy an LG product. The parts are ridiculously expensive and the tech who repaired my dishwasher said that he would never buy an LG appliance. That really says it all. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:00:42	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
40458580	I decided to post this review after reading the one negative review it received.I'm giving it 4 out of 5 stars, because i can imagine there may be some other dishwasher out there that might be better; however i still feel this is a GREAT unit.I always rinse my dishes before loading them into a dishwasher, i think that's just good practice; so i never had a problem with it not cleaning the dishes properly.I've owned mine since 2010; Lived with it for about a year and a half,and now, I'm renting my place out where the tenant i'm renting to is using it - He's been living there for about a year and a half.  I was in his apartment the other day and noticed he was using the dishwasher - I'm sure if there was a problem with it, he'd have been washing dishes by hand.Additionally, I just ordered 2 more (because i've had such a good experience with mine)and will be putting them in 2 apartments i'm currently renovating - And will more than likely be putting it in another one, as soon as I'm done with the current 2.It looks cool.And it does a great job.The one bad review states it's difficult to organize your items ... but i've never had that problem.It's a small unit - You just got to make due with what you have - Seriously, if you need something small, and hate washing dishes, this is a GREAT unit.I highly recommend. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:00:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85972152	How I miss my Akso dishwasher! I could put anything in it without rinsing a bit and it came out clean as a whistle.  This piece of junk rarely dissolves all of the dishwasher detergent, and anything not completely rinsed off is still dirty when it comes out.  Thank goodness I inherited it with the house I just bought, or I would be very upset with having paid for it.  For now, I will just rinse everything thoroughly and use the detergent packets, which tend to work better than normal powder, thought not every time and definitely more expensive.On the positive side, it does have a lot of room and is easy to load. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:00:42	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
5933170	I received this counter-top dishwasher for Christmas, on the same day I was to prepare a standing rib roast, 2 whole chickens, and country style ribs and all the fixings for  10 people.  Needless to say, I put this dishwasher through its paces that night.  Yes, I had to reload several times, but for once I could entertain while my dishes were being done. I also have to admit I shoved several dishes into the EdgeStar 6 which wasn't necessarily recommended by the manufacturer, but they came out sparkling.I had a little issue with cloudy residue on my dishes which was easily remedied by cutting down my detergent in half (which makes sense, considering the machine itself is half the size of a conventional dishwasher). I had purchased a tub of Cascade complete pacs and found that if I cut them in half and saved the other half for the next washing, the dishes turned out perfectly.On one occasion, my dishwasher leaked from behind at the hose connection.  Now, before I do a load, I quickly check the hoses are securely tightened (super easy to do) and have not had a problem since.Cleaning the interior, filters, and wash arm is effortless.  The stainless steel interior does not hold odors and cleans easily as well.This dishwasher is easy to connect and disconnect from the faucet, just remember to turn off the water before disconnecting.  It is not as much a tragedy if this happens, but comedic...and you will probably never forget to turn off the water again.The Edgestar 6 is not overly noisy.  The only time it may be noticeable is when water is discharged into the sink.  I take advantage of the water discharge by putting dirty dishes waiting for the next load that need to be rinsed under were the water discharges!  Can't do that with a regular dishwasher.The pause function is very useful and I have been thankful for this feature SEVERAL times.I have been very pleased with my Edgestar 6 and highly recommend it for small families, empty nesters, or someone who does not want to spend the money for a built in dishwasher.  As far a compromised counter-space,  it's small enough to move it if you need to (or get a rolling cart). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:00:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88182863	I can not believe the other reviewers are talking about the same machine that is in my kitchen.  This is the best dishwasher I have ever owned.  It is QUIET, offers lots of washing modes, and has the most flexible rack system I have used. Every thing comes out sparkling clean.  However, YOU HAVE TO READ THE INSTRUCTIONS. I could not get it to even turn on until I read the instructions. Bosch is a German company; If you obey their instructions this dishwasher will work perfectly, if you don't, it won't. You have to install the drain hose as Bosch specifies or it will not drain reliably. You have to use a granulated detergent or it will not wash correctly. You have to use a rinse agent or it will not dry correctly. If you block the vent hole with a cookie sheet, it will not dry properly.  If you follow the instructions it will be the best dishwasher you have ever owned. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:00:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
14745110	Used 6 month now. 47dBa noise is now 75dBA - technician is coming to see what's the deal. The racks are too small, something like 2-3 inches less width then standard US dishwashers. Believe me this matters. Now instead of one load (old Kenmore) I am doing two loads in Bosch after dinner. The glasses can come out cloudy very easy due to lack of rinse agent, improper loading, etc. The unit actually does not clean that good heavy soiled pots even during 2 hour power cycle. If the unit was $550 I would give more favorable review, but I paid $900 and for that money I expected a lot more.Update - a tech came in and advised the noise level is normal. In the mean time it became even more noisy, It also started to perform poor in terms of washing the dishes on the upper rack.Final conclusion - junk. Would never buy again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:04:03	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
31911042	This dishwasher is a very important helper in the house especially if you are working or busy. Excellent quality and performance 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:04:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
58951074	Mine has broke 5 times in 5 years!  Save yourself the trouble and buy another brand.  Kitchen aid doesn't stand behind their products.  You will be stuck with a broken appliance or have to buy yourself a new one.  Just for your information....Kitchen aid is owned by Whirlpool who also owns...Maytag, Jenn Air, and Amana. So, I wouldn't buy those brands either.  That means your left with Frigidaire or Bosch and I don't know how good these are. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:04:03	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50179035	This is a great item if you need a dishwasher and don't have a lot of space to work with.  Also, the seller provides superb customer service if you have a problem or concern... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:04:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43330116	Works great, A little bigger then we thought it would be but still fits. So far it washes very well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:04:03	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88542038	. Its perfect for a small kitchen. First time I ran it got error message. I turned water input down, no more problem. I used the nugget dish cleaner(put it in one of the utensil openings). I  hate hand washing dishes. Product works very well. Would have given 5 stars, except the manual needs more info. I figured it out. Love using it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:05:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
71708133	My wife and I were excited to receive our new dishwasher today, only to be sorely disappointed after opening the package.The bottom rail system on this dishwasher is the epitome of why many people consider dumping their old dishwasher.  It doesn't run smoothly and falls off the rail system the majority of the time.  I'm surprised that after decades of one of the biggest pain points and complaints I've heard about old or shotty dishwashers is that the drawers get stuck, that Frigidaire would continue producing brand new mid-grade dishwashers with inferior parts and design in the rail system.Even though the rail system was a major disappointment, we were just barely willing to accept this and keep the unit.However, after further inspection of the unit, there was a glaring defect in the stainless steel front cover.  In both upper corners, very detectible with just a glance, there was a major crease in the stainless steel sheet.  It's as if during assembly of the unit, the front cover was forcibly compressed into a shape that it didn't quite fit into.  This is an eye sore.These are two major problems with the unit that we have seen.  On their own, I might conclude this was a defective item.  Finding these issues together on the same unit indicates to me that this is product is of poor quality; parts, design and manufacturing workmanship are substandard in my opinion.We obviously returned this product and will not be looking for a replacement.  Not sure if this is an indicator of all Frigidaire products, as I thought they were a reputable company.  But I certainly will not be purchasing these types of items online in the future.The only reason I gave this product as many as two stars is because we never did actually hook it up.  Maybe it washes/dries dishes just fine, but we weren't inclined to install the unit to find out! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:05:20	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61122434	We purchased this dishwasher last year, along with a 5-year extended warranty. We will buy extended warranties along with all appliance purchases from now on. It seems that Made in the USA means nothing anymore. Such has been our experience with all major appliances, made within the last 15 years! The machine worked for a short time before the first service call. That was due to a pump clog. The machine has a garbage disposal. The user shouldn't have to clean the dishes before they are cleaned by the dishwasher... Wrong! The pump stopped pumping because of food waste clogging it. What is the garbage disposal doing? It's not protecting the pump! The service guy told us not to put dishes with loose debris in the dishwasher. We have been diligent to check them, ever since. Now, it is down again for over a week, because the service guy had to order a Sump Assembly. This machine is a piece of garbage. We paid for an upgraded dishwasher. We got an inferior dishwasher.  It doesn't clean dishes; plates, bowls and glassware all have residue after the wash cycle is completed. Oh, and the left upper rack guide also broke.The warranty has paid for itself in less than 2 years! We will be looking for a replacement dishwasher when the extended warranty is up at 5 years, so we don't have to PAY for repairs! If I could, I would rate it ZERO STARS! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:05:20	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61915203	This is the biggest piece of junk you could ever buy.  The parts are lower quality than what you get in Happy Meal. Do not ever buy this plastic piece of garbage. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:05:20	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
27689800	I've been using my new KitchenAid for the last 6 months so it has been given a good try, not impressed!  Poor cleaning ability, constantly need to re-do glassware and dishes by hand despite the terribly long washing cycle.  The worst thing is that the dishwasher smells.  I run it every 2 days when I have a full load and usually rinse the dishes if I'm not going to run it that evening. When you open the door to add dishes, the smell is embarrassing. The only good thing I'll say for it is that it is quiet and the stainless steel looks good on the outside. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:05:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38885945	I did a lot of research before purchasing this product and finally decided on this model because it did not have a window and I read enough reviews of models with windows leaking that I decided a window wasn't necessary. I've had my Koldfront counter-top dishwasher for a year and 3 months and I can say I'm very happy with it. The only time it overflowed was my fault - I had put in too much soap. I've since started using Cascade packets and they work perfectly - no soap flowing out of the machine and my dishes come out beautifully clean. Of course, I put the dishes in pretty clean to begin with, without any stuck-on food or anything. But even when I've left a little barbecue sauce on a plate or forgotten to rinse a juice glass out, they've still come out completely clean. I generally use the standard wash setting.The only complaint I have at this time is that the faucet connector leaks now and didn't at the beginning. However, this could probably be fixed by hands stronger than my own or a pair of pliers.Yes, the machine is noisy, however that can't be much helped, given that it has no insulation around it. I had very little trouble setting it up - I thought I needed an adapter and went to the hardware store to find one, however, they pointed out to me that I simply needed to remove the faucets original casing and the adapter that comes with the dishwasher would fit on. I had asked my landlord to help with this, but he didn't even realize this so I didn't feel like an entirely silly girl.I wash a load about every other day. Yes, you have to figure out your own configuration of dishes - they won't fit in the machine like the pictures. However, I am able to get 4 soup bowls, 4 dinner plates and 4 glasses (tall or short) into the machine at once, without any trouble. It does seem that wash cycles are quite long, however, I don't recall how long the wash cycles were with a traditional dishwasher. I usually try to run mine at night or at some time when the noise won't bother me. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:07:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32884855	DON'T BUY MAYTAG!  We purchased an expensive Maytag two years ago. Since then, we have had to replace the $200 circuit board and now the heating element was recalled.  Before the recall notice arrived, the heating element shorted and burned the tub, chord, and wall outlet.  Maytag can't figure out who to sent to repair.  After several sessions with customer service (hold time of at least 30 minutes) their solution was to send out a fourth repair guy to look at it - not even to fix it.  I can't wait around all day again, so I hung up on them.  I WILL NEVER EVER buy another Maytag.  It doesn't clean very well either. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:07:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
64960999	This is the worst dishwasher!  We had it for just over 2 years, when we started getting an HE error.  The manual instructed us to call a technician when that error is activated.  After calling 3 different appliance repair companies, none of them work on LG dishwashers (that should be your first clue NOT to buy this dishwasher).  Our only option is to go through Sears, which is a pain because they are hard to schedule and are expensive - $110 prepay just to get the tech to your house!  HORRIBLE purchase, wish we had never got it.  Please go with another manufacturer. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:07:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46337132	THIS IS GARBAGE!!! had it for a year and a half, and the handle cracked.  PLUS the water doesn't drain! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:07:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
66290102	Had a bit of a hard time setting it up but once we purchased some plumber's tape it runs very well with no leaks (highly recommend you get a roll of plumber's tape before your dishwasher arrives).The problems we had were after the first few times we ran dishes through it though, they were not coming out clean looking at all! When it wasn't full I looked inside and tried spinning the washing arm around and noticed that it kept hitting the bottom of the dish rack. To fix this problem I built up the tracks where the dish rack wheels rested with Sugru (an awesome play-doh like product that dries hard and water proof, you can use to hack/fix tricky problems and you can buy it on amazon too)so that the dish rack rested higher up.This fixed the problem completely but in the end I could've fixed this with a little push... one day immediately after a super hot load of dishes finished washing I unloaded the dishwasher and noticed the bottom of the dishwasher was draining funny and looked kind of warped so I very gently pushed on the bottom where it was sticking up and it went *POP* back into place.Must have been a weird fluke and somehow got messed up in shipping or something?I agree with other reviews, it does look a bit like a fancy microwave and it is very quiet. Plus, I love not having to do dishes in the sink anymore and this fits easily in a corner of our counter. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:07:43	Performance Defect		SprayArm Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
43071068	This DW cleans very well and is extremely quiet. While others have mentioned concerns about items not drying well, I have experienced no problems even on plastic ware. I do use the recommended Finish drying agent. The bottom rack is laid out differently than other DWs which takes some adjustment on what goes where. It's a bit harder to get a mix of dishes and larger items loaded effectively. That is my only (minor) concern. Otherwise, fantastic machine. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:09:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47893719	I've had this dishwasher for 6 months and I thought I needed a new one...but would reinstall my old one (different brand) if I still had it. I've given up on cleaning silverware in this washer. I do them by hand. I used to soak them and put them in but they came out dirtier than when they went in. I lightly rinse my dishes...no chunks but my dishes have food particles on them. I clean the basket...I don't understand the added food removal they advertise...I feel like it just washes it around.The silverware basket is cheap plastic and really poorly placed. I've said enough about that...just plan to wash your silverware by hand if you get this. You can't put knives in the top silverware basket or door won't close either.Just really a horrible dishwasher. I'm stuck as I don't have money to buy a new one:(. I recommend looking at a different one and maybe even a different brand! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:09:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37591512	Lives up to it's claims. For a counter top it's quite amazing. My wife is very limited in mobility and is easy for her to use. Great value for the money. Had it since x-mas and so far so good. For a two to four person family it's great! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:09:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
32434340	This dishwasher is very cheap, and you get what you pay for.  I bought one, which initially did a decent job at washing the dishes.  However, it stopped working after only 25 days of use.  I am very good with tools and machinery repair, and this was an electronic failure, not easily or cheaply repaired.  I should also point out that my family consists of only two members, and we used the dishwasher every other day.  Do yourself a big favor, and do not buy this appliance. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:09:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
28534150	This GE dishwasher, like most made within the past ten years, is made almost entirely of plastic. That's actually a good thing. Its light weight makes it easier to install without a helper -- just make sure to anchor it to the underside of the counter or you'll pull it right out when you try to open the door! Installation was not the easiest (and I'm a general contractor!) -- like most dishwashers, it requires you to lay flat on your belly while you attach the electrical and supply line about ten inches from your nose. Not fun. I kept the insulation from the old dishwasher and wrapped it over top of the new insulation before installing it. I couldn't believe how quiet this dishwasher was when I ran it for the first time -- 54 decibels, which means you won't have to turn up the TV in the next room while it's running. The features are pretty nice for a dishwasher in this price range -- delayed start, water temperature boost, extra heated dry cycle for sanitizing. There is a food grinder so you don't need to pre-rinse (I do anyway) but there's also a mesh filter that can be cleaned periodically to prolong the life of the grinder. The silverware basket is a big improvement over my last dishwasher -- it attaches to the door so you don't have to pull out the lower rack. The only thing I don't really like is that the upper rack doesn't have enough dividers to keep narrow glasses from falling over when you pull the rack out. All in all, I think this is a great value. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:09:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38029551	We bought this from HH Greg as well.  It's just short of three years old and we've had to replace the upper carriage wheels, had the repairman out twice, and now, as the motor has just died, are looking for a replacement.  The repairman explained to us that it will cost at least $375 to replace the motor.We're looking for a replacement dishwasher.When it works, it works well.  Takes a long time to cycle, a note, not a complaint. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:10:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67550293	At precisely when the warranty runs out, half the control buttons on the door stopped working.  Had a circuit board issue with a refrigerator too but that was under warranty.  Frigidaire just isn't the appliance it used to be.  This thing should run for years, not months.  Will probably go buy a used Kitchen Aid and put that in. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:10:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15163797	We have had this dishwasher since 2/4/2010 and thank goodness we bought the extended warranty from Lowes.  I have become friends with the service repairman.  At last count, he has been at our house five time.  It would clean dishes properly, it has overflowed and now the pump doesn't pump water...it sort of steams' the dishes.  #fail. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:10:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
21672459	They say that when someone hates a service they tell 8 people, and when they love it they only tell two.  I decided to make Amazon one of my two.  I love this dishwasher.  My fianceacute; and I got the Danby Dishwasher as a present from my parents for xmas (which, granted, was only 2 months ago), and it has made our life's so much easier.  There have been no major problems as of yet (KOW).  Not to mention that we don't have to fight over who does the dishes anymore...only who loads the dishwasher (which isn't nearly as bad).  I love it, I give it two thumbs up - it's a lazy girls/boys dream. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:10:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44003215	We bought this model (number KUDS301XSS1) in April of 2011 because of its stainless tub, quiet operation, and brand name.  Well, the operation is quiet, and the tub is not stained (the walls of our previous dishwasher were becoming permanently stained so we went with stainless), but those are the only positive things I can write.  The dishes do not get clean and the top rack's cheap plastic wheel hubs break easily.  I've had to replace three at a cost of $28 per.  The top rack never got the glasses clean, anyway.  Now the control panel is shot and the dishwasher does not run.  From the beginning this $850 piece of junk has disappointed us.  I will NEVER buy a Kitchenaid washer again.  I used to believe in the saying, You get what you pay for, but it is not true in this case. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:10:40	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
74049028	I felt compeled to write a review after reading many of the reviews prior to buying this dishwasher.  I was on the fence, but this model had the features I was looking for and thought I would try it.  I had a almost new GE Profile that I should have loved.  It was AWEFUL!!!!  The dishes did not come out clean and I tried every product out there switching between gel and powder with no luck.  After reading the reviews one of the complaints on this one was inside too small and spots.  I used the rinse aide that came with the washer along with the tablets and my dishes sparkle.  Yes, the inside is smaller, but what I found out is that because the inside racks are configured nice I can pack dishes in very easy.  I could not line my dishes up before because they would not come out clean.  I am very happy and have been using it for 3 weeks.... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:12:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
26772093	I bought this dishwasher and a microwave by Samsung a few years back.  Worst decision I ever made.  They look nice and seemed to have good features.The microwave spontaneously caught on fire, and potentially could have burned my house down.  The dishwasher is being thrown out after it has broken for about 7 times now. All of the issues mentioned in the previous reviews, sensitive control panel, poor cleaing, etc are all the reality. I will NEVER own another piece of Samsung junk. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:12:02	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
15233444	Excellent dishwasher. I did alot of research from the low to high end priced models and against competing brands and decided on this.Lower priced units would probably suffice. However, I found the little bit of extra money above base models were well worth the added features and quality. I would consider this model an upper mid unit. Compared to next model tiers starting at $700+ dollars, their features were negligible for me. It's my understanding that as of May, Maytag cleared the shelve on the MDB7749 and this model the MDB4949 superceeded it. Shop/price around!enjoi~ 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:12:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
45805821	I rarely write reviews.  So today I write this review with the hopes that you don#8217;t get stuck with a dishwasher that will not suit your needs.We purchased this dishwasher about 2 years ago.  It does a fine job of cleaning the dishes and is relatively quiet and the stacking feature works well.  We do a quick rinse to most of our dishes prior to putting them in.  As a young family of 4, we run the dishwasher about every 2nd or 3rd day.  Not daily.  And we use it for dishes, glasses, silverware and plastic containers.  No pots or pans.My biggest problem#8230; the gross yuck that is leftover and accumulates under the door, on the inside of the washer.  After a a week or two it turns black and nasty.  We have to go in and clean the dishwasher on a regular basis.  And the smell#8230; my son hates to unload the dishwasher because the dw has an unpleasant odor after a wash.  It#8217;s not terrible and you can#8217;t smell it on your plates.  It just lingers.My old dishwasher, that we had for 15+ years, NEVER had to be cleaned on the inside.I#8217;m sure that Samsung knows about the problem.  They have suggestions for running the dw with a cup of vinegar occasionally.  Note: this will not clean the black gook.I#8217;m on the budget-conscious side and I don#8217;t like to run a half load.  Running an empty load really burns my britches!Think twice before purchasing this dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:12:02	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86998393	Just finished my 5th load, and so far it is great.  I use my Trader Joe's dish washer powder and it is great.  All I do is scrape the dishes and place them in it.  My son can now load the dishes and I no longer have to wash them prior to using the dishwasher.  I do use the after rinse product, as it does not have a heated drying system.  It is very quiet and I cannot tell it is running if I am more than 2 feet away.  So far I am very pleased.  I read the previous review and was concerned, but the dishes are cleaned and the plastic never dried in my other dishwasher, so not much of a difference.  As for running time, I run it when I go to bed, so for me this is not an issue. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:12:02	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79921183	This is probably a good dishwasher but everyone hides the details of how hard or cumbersome it is to hook up and use. Even the so-called user photos are staged to hide the connections and do not show what it does to the usability of your sink after installation. I don't think these photos were submitted by an actual buyer. Probably an employee of Haier. I want to buy one but won't until I find out and see the connections and their design. Is the sink even useable after install? Do you have to disconnect it everytime you want to use your sink? Is there storage provision for the drain hose when not being used or is this thing always hanging in your sink. I would like to see some legitimate clear pictures showing just how well it is designed and how the water is connected. Does it have a pass-thru connection so you can use your faucet without disconnecting it? To much vagueness and not enough worthwhile pictures. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:14:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62512702	We love it, cleans very good, runs very quite, it dries the dishes real well and it looks nice, it was very easy to install 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:14:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37691953	I just gave away a relatively new Bosch dishwasher. It does not have heated drying and it simply DOES NOT dry dishes. NOTHING fits in it either. I have had lots of dishwashers over the years and this is the worst ever. I never thought to ask if it had heated drying - to me that is like asking if the burners get hot on a stove. This D W is in a vacation home. At our other house I open the DW door and everything is sparkly and dry and ready to put away. open the Bosch and you see a sodden mess. Yes I used rinse agent. Yes I propped the door open (stupid!) And we have really hot water. Be forewarned. I just gave it away because I couldn't stand it anymore and my husband is not thrilled to get rid of a working DW. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:14:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84965196	it's horrible dishwasher.  does a very poor job with cleaning and drying.  after 10 months the dishwasher no longer washed dishes.  the replacement the motor, however after replacing the motor, the dishwasher began leaking water during the dry cycle.The dishwasher also smells real bad.  If the dishwasher wasn't being used for more than a day, we kept the dishwasher door open to air-out.The only positive for this dishwasher is that it's quiet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:14:23	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
23661966	Works well, but I wish that it had a countdown timer so that you could see just where it is in the cycle. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:14:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20508925	Don't buy this dishwasher. It is quite possibly the worst I have ever owned. It is quiet, but it doesn't wash anything that is not already perfectly rinsed. The wheel assembly for the racks is very chintzy. The clips holding the wheels broke just after the 1-year warranty. Although the wheel assembly was redesigned, those of us suckers who had already purchased had to pay $40 for replacement clips. Now, at 2 1/2 years the pump motor has gone out. I really expected more from KitchenAid. I am very disappointed and will be replacing this dishwasher instead of repairing. I can guarantee the replacement will not be KitchenAid! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:15:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
67108183	My family of four has had this DW for 5+ years.  It has stopped working three times.  I don't recall the exact amounts, but I estimate we have spent over $300 in repair and parts costs, all told.  Danby parts can't be obtained quickly/easily and I had one certified Danby Tech. in a 100 mile radius to call for help, glean from this what you will.  This is not the sort of machine that can be fixed by even the most adept DIYer.  The first breakdown was due to a plastic part well inside and protected, that cracked.  The second time it stopped working the repair person replaced the latch and coordinating sensor, saying that it was a common failure with this model.  I'm not paying to find out what's wrong this time, but it's been leaking every few cycles for weeks and now just won't go.  It has been five months since our last repair.When we purchased this machine it was one of the only 18 models to be found.  Now that larger manufacturers all have small 18 models available we will be purchasing one of these.  I'm leaning towards a GE, from Sears.  I am Looking forward to years of worry free use.  Unlike our experience with the Danby. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:15:46	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86124718	It does a nice job on the dishes, it's quieter than I thought it would be, after reading reviews.  I didn't expect it to be as good as it is, honestly.  Now, if I had to rate evVive and their slow shipping, I would give them one, or, if possible, no stars.  Their customer service is horrible, sending email after email claiming that the shipping company couldn't reach us by phone, (lies), when we had actually called the shippers and they clearly stated that they wouldn't have a truck in our area for weeks.  We didn't receive the dishwasher for exactly 1 month and 1 day.  Ridiculous.  They did give a small refund for our long wait, but I would have rather had the item in a week, like Amazon stated.  I will definitely think twice about making a big purchase here if it entails using evVive. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:15:46	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21224429	Works fine for a few months, but then starts to develop leaking problems. Ends up flooding the counter-tops with dishwater. Don;t think I'm the only one who has encountered this problem -- see the other reviews. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:15:46	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
46410129	The dishwasher is not completing the cycles so ...  the dishes are dirty after they are washed.  Now I have a situation where I bought a dishwasher from a supplier on Amazon and I am struggling to get it returned or fixed.  Turns out I should have used a local appliance store and paid a little more but then I would not be stuck.  If you are afraid of purchasing an appliance from a seller like this - that is a realistic fear.The dishwasher itself does not appear to work well.  Sample of one but thats what these reviews are for. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:15:46	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
47767615	I. Love. This. Dishwasher.  Its amazing. We've had it for about a month and a half and we've used it every single day. Dishes come out perfect, its very very quiet and doesn't seem to used much water. The hose hookup is super simple. All in all I wish I had bought this a long time ago. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:17:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31220202	Just after the warranty was up it broke down. Sometimes it works sometimes it won't. Paid a lot of money for it to only last a year. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:17:21	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
41625374	This dishwasher looks great for the amount of money spent on it.  I thought I had a great dishwasher.  Fan needed replaced before one year was up.  Then about 4 months later it started making a horrible noise and leaked.  I thought I was thankful I purchased the extended warranty when the repairman came out to fix it.  Another 4 months later it is leaking again. I called the repair company to come out, the dishwasher would not leak while they were at my house.  Right after they left I did a load of dishes and it leaked even worse.  Then the spray arm at the top of the dishwasher fell off.  I called the repair company again and this time told them the dishwasher was still leaking and now the top spray arm fell off.  This looks good, but does not work!!!!  Don't bother buying an extended warranty either, it's just as good as the dishwasher!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:17:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
46510166	We bought it and it broke down.  No power.  Every Samsung product we bought has problems.  Refriderator icemaker problems.  Dryer belt broke and now no heat. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:17:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
35469959	This item arived quickly, it was fairly simple to set up. But be carefull to tighten all hose connections even the ones that are pre conected to the faucet adapter they are not shipped tightened. Nice look a little noisy but its what you would expect from a compact. seems solid and does a good job of washing my dishes. My only complaint is my lack of confidence in the quality of the hook up hoses they seem a little light duty. I just make sure not to leave them preasured up after use. otherwise a nice overall unit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:17:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31636666	I was in the hunt for a countertop or portable dishwasher since my apartment is too small and I don't have enough space to install a built-in.I went through all the models and reviews and finally decided to go ahead with the Danby.  Amazon's packaging was quite awful and it arrived with a couple of dents, but I was already too desperate to start using it to return it...also didn't want to go through all the hassle.The dishwasher looks pretty neat although a little bit larger than you would think.  My only complaint for looks is that it's white.  I would've loved it to be in stainless steel to match my other appliances but...The other option was the EdgeStar and it didn't have as many reviews as the Danby.I was pretty confused at the beggining but putting it to work is quite simple.  You just attach the hose to your sink faucet (some faucets like mine have a small attachment at the end that has to be removed before attaching the hose device), then you open the water and select the washing mode and hit play.The only bummer is that it takes like over an hour in most washing modes but it's a good time to catch a movie, book or just watch TV (so much better than actually doing the dishes!).  Drying is not that efficient and you may find some drops here and there, and it's advisable to remove the dishes right after the cycle is done, since the heat may start building up water drops in the dishes if you leave them too long after the cycle inside the dishwasher.Overall very good product! I recommend it! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
65203613	The only way to deal with this dishwasher is to buy a new one. Doesn't clean dishes. Energy star doesn't matter when you have to rewash dishes two or three times. Why the company hasn't recalled it is beyond me. My only silver lining is I go to Lowes and leave notes in the dishwasher: STAY AWAY....told the sales people don't let anyone buy it. I miss my Kenmore from 1989. It was loud but cleaned EVERyTHING. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:18:29	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
71023826	My old Amana dishwasher died after doing a great job for 12 yrs. Now I really am enjoying doing the dishes again!My new Amana is extremely nice! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:18:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75451935	Broke after 13 months - conveniently 1 month after the full warranty.  I won't by a KitchenAid ever again.  Crappy product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:18:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
47720328	Had the same issue with the control panel as everybody else and wish I'd found these reviews sooner. Of course it didn't short out until just after the warranty expired. Pretty displeased in general. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:18:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55232926	We bought this dishwasher thinking it would be a great solution to the small kitchen in our 1920s house.  It cleans the dishes OK, but it is so tiny that loading and unloading and fiddling with the faucet attachment is way more trouble than it's worth most of the time.  The cycles also take forever to run, and it won't fit standard size dinner plates.  So we hardly ever use it.There is also a major design flaw in the motion of opening the door puts so much pressure on the plastic covering that after a just a few months of infrequent use, a crack appeared right over the hinge and gradually spread all the way across the front.  Overall it seems to have very cheap and shoddy construction.Btw I called the manufacturer and was told they could send me a new plastic cover for $80 (1/3 the cost of the machine just for a flat piece of plastic).  He was also really rather rude and insisted this was not a defect but #34;normal wear and tear.#34;  And, I guess if you consider an appliance a disposable item that you throw away after a few months use, then I suppose falling apart could be construed as #34;normal wear and tear.#34;Bottom line: don't waste your money.  Wash your dishes by hand or buy from a more trustworthy manufacturer. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:19:44	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
55633785	Had to replace the dishwasher in a new house. Looked into many models, and decided to go with this model (bought at a local BestBuy). Used for 5 months prior to writing this review.Pros:1. Washes dishes well.2. Supposedly saves water (not sure if I can check this claim, so I am taking it as is)3. Supposedly saves energy cause it's not using dry-heat at the end of the cycle but rather FINISH rinse agent (more on it in #3 of Cons)4. Nice looks and easy to operate. Mainly use the AUTO wash - set it and forget it. Also we use 3hr delay so we don't get bothered with noise (later about the noise).Cons:1. It is much smaller than other dishwashers we have owned and/or operated (primarily Kenmoore and Whirlpool). I think this Bosch's basic model was made smaller on purpose to make you buy a more advanced washer that is sized properly. For a family of 3, we turn the dishwasher on at least every other day, sometomes daily (when we have guests and such)2. Maybe I got a defective dishwasher, but mine is NOT QUITE. Again, I compare with kenmoores and whirlpools that I have used and/or  owned. We set the 3-hr delay so that in the evening we can watch the TV in the living room without having to turn the volume up.3. This dishwasher goes though FINISHFinish Jet-dry Rinse Agent, Original Liquid, 32 Ozlightning fast. We set the use of FINISH to the lowest, but the LOW indicator lights up every three or so weeks. Maybe the dishwasher is saving water (see #2 in pros above) and energy (see #3 in pros above), but last time I checked water is much cheaper than FINISH liquid. With Kenmoore, we had to refill the liquid no often than once every 3-4 months.All things considered, we aren't getting anymore BOSCHs. Next time around I am getting a Kenmoore from Sears. They all are regular sizes and don't consume FINISH at lightning speeds. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:19:44	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
27615243	Okay... I took extensive time reading all the reviews and doing research on this product before purchasing a portable countertop dishwasher.  I have to admit... this product does a great job.Now, you have to remember that you are not getting a full sized dishwasher...and the fact that it suggestes that you use 10 plates or smaller for the dishwasher to be loaded properly really isn't a problem at all.  I use the normal 10.5 plates and just tilt them (as they would be in a full-sized one anyways...)Basically, if you have the right temperature water (nice and hot...around 130 degrees fahrenheit and above...) and decent dishwashing detergent (Cascade or Finish) you will have no problem having properly cleaned dishes and flatware.  It does have a built-in water heater, but it only boosts the temp up to the proper operating temp.  You can not use cold water and expect it to heat it up to wash temps.  (I'm sure you would burn out your motor if that were the case.)In any case, here's a recommendaion from someone who rarely takes the time to write a review!  You'll love this machine! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:19:44	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35549581	This dishwasher had immediate control panel problems that required 3 or 4 service visits over 6 months to fix.  Once that was fixed, it ran well, but the parts for it are VERY cheap.  We've had to replace parts on the upper rack twice and now all the wheels on the lower rack are popping off.  Due to my experience with this dishwasher and my Maytag fridge (which stopped working after 1 year), I steered clear of Whirlpool when I had to buy a new washer and dryer. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:19:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
68988296	This dishwasher does not live up to the bosch name....it makes a weird screeching sound that is low volumn but drives you crazy. no drying cycle, the dishes are not as clean..... I had a real Bosch before that I payed $1200 for and this $600 version is crap. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:19:44	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
82597703	I only hope this review discourages any potiential buyers from purchasing this HORRIBLE product.  What a nightmare.  Many repairs were made, still doesn't clean well, THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE, and it is definately a poorly made, expensive product.  Please, please, please believe me when I say STAY AWAY FROM THIS ITEM!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:21:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48538904	It took me two or three days to research washing machines. I decided on this one and got it locally at about the same price with free set up and delivery. The reviews on Amazon are so very helpful. I have had this machine a couple weeks. My old machine died electronically and the start button failed. The nite before this one was delivered, it came back to life!! But it was 25 years old and my dishes did not sparkle. Now they do. I didn't want another electronic panel, but there is little choice these days. Dishes are very clean, and sparkly. Pretty easy to use. More options than I need. I agree the tines are very close together but a row on the top and the bottom fold down for bigger items. The top shelf is adjustable up and down and completely removable which is big plus when I want to wash my big pots that I could never fit it the dishwasher before.  The machine does stop when finished but the on off button is on and needs to be manually shut off. I don't understand why that is.  only tabs or dry soap is recommended. I have a huge amount of liquid soap left which the installer says I can probably use, but it isn't recommended. The panel needs the instruction book sometimes for some functions..I wish that part was more user friendly. It isn't difficult but it is something extra I need to look up if I need to change a setting.The next level ou was over $300 more and I don't think it would have been worth the extra money for me. OH, it is very quiet.  So far, I am very happy I bought this model  and would recommend it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:21:20	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43112993	So we bought a house that unfortunately didn't have room in any of the counter space for a full sized dishwasher without a complete remodel. We settled for a 18 since we don't make that many dirty dishes anyway. The unit is sexy, in my opinion. We didn't have $1,000 for an upscale Bosch or Miele compact unit so I was pleased that this one had a number of higher-end features like a stainless tub and wash settings for delicate glassware. The stainless finish is attractive and easy to keep up with nothing but a damp microfiber cloth.I installed from scratch, with the help of my father in law who is an electrician. Installation was pretty straightforward. Be careful when you're installing the elbow on the hot water inlet, though. I tightened it a little too much and it pushed against the solenoid, jamming it, which wouldn't allow water in the first time we ran it. I backed it off a bit and it's working fine now.Specs say this model holds 8 complete place settings, where full sized units take 10-12, I think. I'm not sure about how accurate that claim is, on average, but it does hold quite a bit - enough for our needs. The manual gives diagrams suggesting how to make the most of the space, thankfully. It can still take a bit of getting used to, though. I quickly found that our large dinner plates (square, 10.25) are about 1/4 too tall to fit in the lower bin without hitting the sprayer. I think they had to set the top rack a little lower than average to allow for the weird double-stacking cup shelf feature up there. Make sure your plates are under 10 in diameter, especially if they're not round, which allows them to drop between the slats in the rack for extra clearance. The silverware trays have removable tops with slots in them to keep your spoons from spooning, etc which ensures that they get clean. You can pop them off to allow loading of larger items, too.It's pretty quiet when it's running. Not high-end Elite-grade quiet but quiet. I was worried about the fact that there were no noise ratings available anywhere, even from Danby themselves, but it's ended up being a non-issue. Our kitchen, dining room and living room are all one big open contiguous space and we can run a load of dishes without having to turn up the T.V. at the other end of the room. Much quieter than the new entry level Kenmore we had at our previous apartment.Wash loads use a tiny amount of detergent, around a tablespoon. Our large box of Cascade will probably last us a year or more. I've found that using a rinse aid like Jet Dry is necessary for dishes to dry completely. I'm not sure if that's just because we had to run a drain line extension but the manual implies that that is the case in any situation. Jet Dry is like $4 and I've got the dispenser set on the lowest of 4 settings so I'm sure it'll last quite a while between refills. There's a salt tray for if you have hard water but we'll not be needing that.I've put a couple of loads through it so far and they've all come out spotless, even on the economy cycle. The cycles take a long time, or at least it seems like they do - I guess I never timed my previous dishwashers. Most of the cycles take about 2:45, though. The buttons only have icons on them and I find I need to keep the manual handy to remember which cycles are which but I've only had it a few days.All in all I'm about as pleased as I can be, sans the issues with the large items fitting, which cost it that 5th star. As long as it holds up well, I give it a hearty recommendation.**Update 3/2014**At just over 2 years of excellent service I need to get ours fixed. It's still draining and filling but it's not doing anything when it should be running the actual wash cycle. Pretty disappointing.Finding a servicer for this unit has been next to impossible. I live in Seattle and yet there aren't any authorized repair centers in my area. There are a couple north and south but they're too far away to service the greater Seattle area. Kind of unbelievable. Sears' website (and Danby's lackluster customer service) says they work on Danby but when I call them they say they can't. I've called a number of the top rated appliance repair people on Yelp and they all tell me that they won't touch it and I should have bought a better brand. A couple say they'll take a stab at repairing it for $200-300 (main pump and/or control board + labor) but that they're not sure that it's worth the money and it'll take weeks to get the parts. We don't have $600 for a Whirlpool or Frigidaire right now so I guess we'll gamble on the repair and hope it lasts. If you're going to buy one of these, either make sure you have a repair center in your area or figure that once you pay for a potential repair you could have bought a more reputable brand name.If I wasn't so happy with how well this worked when it was working I'd probably give it 2 or even 1 stars for all the hassle. I'm going to leave it at 3 for now and update after the repair. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:21:20	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
50180295	It's a good size for small home. Shortly after receiving the item, it would not run properly  no info about assistance when we got the box. No option to buy protection. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:21:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
91372934	Looks great, extremely quiet and cleans everything very well.However...the trap at the bottom fills in with stagnant water and takes on an awful odor.The reply from Bosch customer service was to buy a cleaning product and run the dishwasher daily.Would not buy another Bosch because of this. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:21:20	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
56784229	In our apartment in Berlin there is plenty of double stacking poor old Hermann is always party B but there is no double stacking in the kitchen. We are using expensive plates and china. I must clean my prods, pokers and the hooks. This dishwasher is very perfect. Shelving is excellent. We can spread things out without them touching other things. It uses little water and electrical power so save the planet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:23:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81966540	I bought mine on clearance at a local home improvement store about 9 months ago. It's exceeded my expectations in terms of dishwashing. I don't do any extensive pre-rinsing and it gets the dishes clean 99% of the time. It's quite speedy, completing a standard cycle w/o the drying option in about 35 minutes. The drying option doesn't do much and adds roughly another 20 minutes. I open the door when its done and let things air dry for a few minutes or let it sit overnight and put the dishes away in the morningAt first I had trouble getting my Corelle dinner plates to fit, but then I tried turning the basket around 180 degrees and now they go in and out just fine. It's a bit on the noisy side, but I didn't expect anything different given the price and the compact sizeRecently though I have run across a problem that does give me some concern. After a few months of use I noticed water on the counter each morning. I eventually discovered that the spray arm had split in two where the two halves are glued/heat sealed together. I looked online for parts and quickly discovered numerous posts from folks who had terrible experiences dealing with Haier directly, so I decided to order a couple spray arms directly from a 3rd party source and not file a warranty claim with Haier. The second spray arm lasted about the same amount of time before experiencing the same failure, now I'm on my 3rd. So far I haven't figured out any sure fire way to repair the arms, so I suspect I will wind up ordering a couple more. Too bad, as it's a very nice unit aside from this issue. While searching online I only came across one other person who experienced this same issue, so maybe they just had a bad batch of arms. I guess I'll find out when I order my next set 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:23:21	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2453658	I got it in the mail, opened it and installed it but it never started working! From the first time I turned it on, it was beeping for error and when I called Haier customer service and amazon technical support they both failed to help me run the device, so I returned it! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:23:21	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37341324	This completes my stainless steel. All my appliances are Kitchenaid, so of course I love it. Dishwasher runs extremely quite. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:23:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33896206	I feel obligated to give this review because there is big disconnect between the negative reviews here and my experience so far.  I have had this dishwasher now for 2 weeks. I purchased it from a place that rhymes with beers for a good price, so I had them install it too at their outrageous cost. I previously had a kenmore for 8 years. Other than being loud,the kenmore worked well until its plastic tub sprung a leak. I chose this one based on a good Consumer Reports review, because it had a heater element, built in garbage disposal (I liked this feature from my old dishwasher), and looks like it is made in the USA. I was disheartened by the reviews here, but the a comparably priced Bosch alternative had no garbage disposal, self cleaning filter or heating element. It also had less interior space. Call me crazy but the lack of those features drove me to take my chances with this unit. I am very happy I took the chance- I'll update if I have a problem with it.Pros: lots of space - doesn't have a lot of strange compartments to navigate around, extremely quiet (I have an open floor plan and can watch tv with it running), gets the dishes very clean  very dry, looks very stylish in the kitchen.The one hour wash cycle feature  is a great feature, works just as well as the normal wash. The utensil rack has a handle, you can pull it out of the dishwasher and save your back when unloading/loading. the utensil rack itself has a neat loading feature that has separate compartments for each utensil, it works quite well.Cons: the door is much more sturdy than our Kenmore but that makes it heavier than I am used to. Also, you can trigger the top mounted buttons when you lift the door, but I consider this a minor issue- they beep if  you press them and they turn off after a few seconds. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:23:21	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
43720746	I bought this for my son, he would never do his own dishes at his apartment.  With limited counter space this dishwasher fit perfect under the cabnets and beside the sink.  He uses it a couple times a week for the few dishes he has.  The dishwasher runs quite, uses less water than traditional sink washing, and get the dishes clean even after food has dried on.  The battle of making him do his dishes is over.  He Loves it !!  It came shipped in a few days in a very sturdy box, easy to set up with a quick connect to the sink.  This Company gets a high five for designing a product with ease in mind.  The only thing that the company could do is to send a sample of dishwashing detergent with it so you don't have to rush out to get some in order to use it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:24:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37801402	This review is mainly about a fix I found to deal with the lockup issues people are experiencing.We've had this dishwasher for about 18 months. After it was replaced once within the first week, I gave up on the periodic lockup and pulled the plug to fix it. Overall, we liked the unit.It took a while to become annoyed and really think about it. The most likely cause of the lockup during sleep is an improperly filtered power supply. Most of the time, the dishwasher is on the same circuit as noisy appliances like garbage disposals.I bought a line filter such as:Gefen TV Power Line Filter - US Version- I paid $23 from Amazon, and plugged in the dishwasher.Has not glitched since. Overall, it's a nice unit. It has to be bevelled properly so water does not pool below the front door after running, but it has been quiet and doing a good job for us. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:24:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
66153806	We bought this dishwasher to replace an older, lower-quality Whirlpool dishwasher and have had it for one week. It performs as promised, gets the dishes clean and leaves them spotless.  It's the quietest dishwasher I've ever seen - we can't hear it running in the dining room, which is only a few feet from the kitchen.  It was VERY easy to install, and I'm glad we spent the extra $$ for this model.  Highly recommend. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:24:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78928561	I have a one year old Bosch dishwasher.  For the last four months, dishes have come out dirtier than then went in.  The machine just takes whatever dirt is on the dishes and spreads it around and then bakes it one until everything is covered in a film of filth,  Bosch told us to try the following remedies:1.  Use very little detergent.  I have done this.  It did not work.2.  Do a vinegar cleanse on the hottest cycle.  I did, seven times.  No improvement.3.  Check the spray arms for blockage.  We did find blockages, and cleared them, and it made no difference.4.  Stop rinsing the dishes before putting them into the dishwasher.  We have done this.  It made everything worse.The thing is a huge money- and time-suck.  I feel as though we spent a bunch of money on, and remodeled our kitchen to fit, a nearly brand-new machine that MAKES MORE WORK than if we just washed the dishes by hand in the first place.  I have spent the last four months bent over this machine, fiddling with it, trying to fix it, talking to Bosch, searching the internet for solutions, EVERY DAY, sometimes doing the same load over and over until EVERY DAY I finally give up and wash everything by hand.Bosch's customer service, by the way?  SPECTACULARLY UNHELPFUL. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:24:45	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
15301221	High load capacity, wonderful third rack for long utensils. Quietest machine I have ever owned. Well built should be the last one I will ever need. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:24:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50809439	This dishwasher is great if you have a small apartment or a small kitchen/counter space.  If loaded correctly, all the dishes come out clean.  It does its job as described.  It comes with all the hook-up's to your faucet and exta long hoses.  My only dislike is the electrical cord is not as long as the water/discharge hoses.  Other than that, it is a great product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:25:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
45753311	We moved into our house three months ago and this appliance was already installed.  First off, I hate stainless steel and don't understand the infatuation people have with it.  But, I was willing to put up with its ugliness as long as it worked.  But, it doesn't even work very well.  Added to that, it's quite annoying that the Electrolux website doesn't even offer the manual.  I have no manual so I can't figure out all the ins and outs of the machine.  It's not very user friendly.  It took several tries to figure out how to get it to start...even then sometimes it does and sometimes it doesn't.  All the lights flash when done, so it's almost like it's never shut down.  What's with that??  Now I'm reading the other reviews and hearing that the thing may start to break anytime soon anyway.  Considering selling this turd and buying something more reliable and cheaper (I can't believe the previous owners paid this much for a DISHWASHER!). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:25:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86618077	Classy look with controls on front not top. Child Lock out and simple controls make it easy to run.  May not dry dishes as fast machines but be sure to use a rinse aid. the manufacturer says this will help. My dishes are sparkling clean and well rinsed, even crusted ones.  Machine performs as advertised.  A big plus is the adjustable top rack which is easy to change accommodating a large pot or pitcher on bottom rack or tall stem ware on top. It is a VERY quiet machine.  Many great features for the price.  Price varies enormously, but watch out for other websites that offer a much lower price, but shipping/handling or in store delivery charge will make a hugh difference EVEN if you pick it up.  Installation is straightforward. IF YOU DO THE INSTALLATION YOURSELF:  Follow the installation manual! Samsung does not provide an essential fitting (an elbow) required to attach the washer to water source and they do not provide a hose clamp for the DRAIN HOSE.  Both of these parts are readily available and the size may depend on your particular installation.  NO strain relief device is available for running the power cord into the washers electrical box hook-up.  You may need to consider  purchasing one of those as well. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:25:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42110112	Bought this product hoping for a good quality product. We were sorely disappointed.  The dishwasher worked great for about 5 months when it began turning itself on and off.  We were already a little flustered because when you walk by the dishwasher and brush the console it would turn on. This was not what we were experiencing.  After about a week we started getting error codes.  Called Samsung and they sent a technician who replaced the console. After he left the dishwasher was much louder.  Turns out he did not install the electrical cover right and it was vibrating. We are now getting error codes again. The upper sprayer arm has broken off due to the plastic holder it snaps into wore down. Using samsungs parts site is horrible. Hardly any of the parts have pictures and you have to pay to get a replacement manual. DO  NOT BUY. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:25:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81768403	I moved into an apartment that had no dishwasher installed, so I was looking for something small enough to fit in my kitchen but big enough to do the job. This dishwasher has not let me down yet. It fits perfectly under my cabinets. The space inside the washer holds enough items that I only have to wash items every couple days. If I have company over then it is used about 1-2 times a day. I noticed as well that it does not use much water and still gets my dishes clean. It has a space for detergent and I use 1/2 tablets instead of a full tablet. There is also a spot to put in the liquid rinse aid. The stainless steel is also very nice and it makes the dishwasher look and feel like a very professionally built machine. Once you read the directions, the front panel is very easy to remember. I give this item 5 stars. Also, FYI this does come with all the attachments so you dont have to buy it separately, but you need to make sure your faucet is made to accept the attachment with a male or female threaded end ( almost all kitchen faucets to my knowledge have the threading) The attachment included with the washer can fit on both the male or female thread. The directions are easy to follow. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:25:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78951137	I have had this dishwasher for 7 months and the top rack wheels broke off, had to pull the top rack out because wheel attachment broke in 3 places.  Had it repaired under warranty and the same day it was fixed and useable again the adjuster that moves the top rack up and down broke.  Don't make the mistake I made, avoid this product!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:26:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
22984150	We have the Bosch 24 stainless DW. It is so quiet and looks really sleek. But it doesn't clean dishes! We have had the repair guy here a few times and also switched to Finish detergent, but I still have to hand wash most dishes. It was $1,000. I am very disappointed. Wish I had my old white GE back. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:26:59	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
45142998	Actually I purchased my Haier Dishwasher in late Oct 2002, and since then it washed my dishes as good and in some cases even better than some of its larger counterparts. However, in the middle of February the machine broke completely down on me, and I was forced to call Haier to repair my machine. Within a couple of days they sent a contracted repairman, and the repairman discovered that the control board of the dishwasher broke down. After some miscommunication on my part, the repairman, and Haier, they finally shipped me a factory new dishwasher. I was without a dishwasher for one month, but since I'm rather patient, I still consider this good service. So, unlike some of the other customers who did not receive such fast response, I'd rate Haier with 'very good' on their customer service (takes time to contract the repairman, send them the cord as proof that I'm not using the machine, and them shipping the machine). Now, if this machine works for a longer time period, it'll get five stars (since it washes the dishes as good as some bigger machines do), however if it does break down again, it would hit the one star rating for me (i.e. not worth buying) ;) Unforuntely, seems there is nobody who had the machine longer than for a couple of months, so I might write an update later. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:26:59	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
37704409	If you have a small kitchen, this the one to get. It cleans all my dishes flawlesly. Just don't overload it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:26:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36682746	Great product.  First, the packaging on this item was outstanding.  It completely protected the unit while only a small portion of the packing could not be recycled.  As for the Dishwasher, it sets up easily and the sink connection is very convenient to use.  The unit cleans very well. Perfect for a dorm or small apartment.  Glad I bought it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:26:59	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
71118533	This is the first small dishwasher that I have had and I am very pleased with it. We live in a park model and it is just right for our needs. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:28:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
46012493	Would not recommend to anyone. Especially considering the price which is $1300 to $1500 dollars. This is a case of you don't get what you pay for.We purchased the appliance at Lowe's three years ago. Absolutely the worst purchase in an appliance that we ever made. Numerous Error code 01 indicating water under the tub. Had it repaired three times and called for the fourth time with an electrolux upgrade kit which we were guaranteed by Electrolux to solve the problem. Never did. It now gives us an error code 11 which is some kind of drain valve problem.Electrolux has been less than responsive and proudly displays a 4.8 out of 5 rating by 19 reviewers on their website yet this model has received absolutely horrible reviews on Amazon. I submitted two reviews stating my total disappointment and they were never posted. Still the same 19 great reviews. I have had contact with one of their consumer affairs folks but when I said I wasn't going to spend another penny and that they need to step up to the plate and do what was right for this manufacture defect of a washer, they stopped communicating.Got an estimate like Electrolux told me to do before they would proceed.  The technician estimated over $500 to repair with labor.  The Tech said it was not worth the repair and that he was very familiar with this model and error code 01.  I put the piece of trash on the street for the garbage collectors.  Just over three years old mind you.  I went to Consumer Reports and reviewed many on their website and settled for a less expensive Bosch.  Very happy with it.Will never purchase Electrolux again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:28:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
30715230	Bought this dishwasher 2 months ago - had been installed and working for 6 weeks before it went completely dead!  Another 8 days for a technician to come out under the warranty....only to find out it needs a new control and at this point have no idea when that repair will be completed.  Very disappointed for the money....6 weeks?  Apparently this problem is common on this dishwasher and must be ordered to be replaced.  Not happy with my purchase right now. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:28:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
51615452	fit perfect.  it was the true OEM part from PANDORA'S OEM APPLIANCE PARTS.  My dish washer still leaks rinse agent but since it was the OEM part and my dish washer is low end I blame my dishwasher not the new part. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:28:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
70579774	This purchase was great for me, very efficient and clean. One of my best investments. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:28:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85173873	We bought this Kitchenaid KUDS30IXSS to replace our old Kenmore that broke down. We searched and looked around all the available models in Kitchenaid and the competition. We decided on this model because it had the built in hard food disposer, the possibility to dry with or without heat, the whisper quiet feature, energy star qualification, and the stainless steel tub.I didn't want to write a review immediately after we bought it (even though I was extremely happy the moment I started using it). I wanted to give a review that would be helpful after months of using it. Well, it is now the time to do it, after 8 months of having it I can say I am VERY happy with its performance, it cleans all my dishes perfectly. When I leave baked-on food on Pyrex, I utilize the Pro-scrub option and everything comes out shinny and clean! It truly is very quiet, our family room is right next to the kitchen (open plan) and we can start the dishwasher right after dinner and sit to watch TV next room.In respect to the sensitivity of the buttons, it is not a big deal. You just need to press the lock button both after it is finished washing and when you start the wash, so no one accidently pushes any buttons. I also discovered a feature that is very useful, when you are ready to start your machine, first press the start button (after you have press the unlock button) and it remembers the last cycle you used. So if you like to use the no-heat drying feature, it remembers it. You can then continue by pressing the Start button again or make the changes you want for that specific washing session.After 8 months of almost daily use I give it a 5 Star rating. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:29:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
33028858	I got mine for 80 bucks on craigslist.  Skeptical at first, but I use this little monkey every day, and my life is better! That's the question you must ask yourself after a purchase - Is my life better?  Yes.  I now have clean forks.  All the time.Window in door is useless.A real dishwasher for a real man. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:29:06	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
74734514	Our Kenmore Elite dishwasher is about two years old, for the past 6 months we've had huge problems with the top rack not washing the dishes.  After pulling the dishwasher apart we found that the top tube assembly had a gasket with two broken flaps. That's it, two broken flaps.  Any idea what the fantastic people at Kenmore (Sears) charges for that piece?  $50 not including shipping. Why? Because they don't sell that specific gasket, I would have to buy the entire assembly. My biggest problem with this is the fact that in two years I'll probably have have to replace it AGAIN. Crappy product, crappy customer service. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:29:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
38684878	My electronic board went nuts 5 weeks after the 1 year warranty expired.  After looking at the reviews of the corresponding stainless steel model, I have turned off the fuse to my dishwasher.  Its not worth setting my home on fire.  Before it broke, I found that this dishwasher is not designed for cooks - it doesn't hold large pots or jars, the utensil bin is not located near the door so it was not easy to just add a dirty utensil,  it smells if not run daily, and the plastic parts bend just from loading small plates.  This is truly a disposable appliance.  I'm just glad I didn't waste more money trying to repair it.  Can any of you recommend a dishwasher that's as good as a speed queen washer?  That's what I want! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:29:06	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
32085718	I have had the same problems with the machine as everyone else in these reviews, and have had the machine serviced more than four times in the four years we have owned the machine.  Another major problem with the design of this machine is the exhaust fan for the unit is located in the upper, posterior roof of the machine which means it exhausts deep under the counter top.  That probably explains why I have had the exhaust fan burn out and the machine leaves a lot of moisture behind when it finishes.  When the first repair person came out she dis-assembled the front door to get to the fan to replace it (she was unfamiliar with the unit as most dishwashers have the fan in the door to get the moisture and heat out of the unit).  When she could not find the fan she consulted the repair manual and discovered it was in the posterior roof of the machine, well under the counter-top and thus unable to vent properly.  A strange, unfortunate design error.I should have consulted the Amazon reviews before buying a machine.  I have learned a very expensive lesson. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:29:06	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
81845734	The Miele Futura is so quiet that the blowing air from the ceiling vents of my central air conditioning is louder than the dishwasher.  The dishes come out dry and clean, cleaner than they've ever been.  Get the Miele rinse aid and detergent tablets.  The rinse aid for sure is an absolute necessity for the dishes to dry properly.  This dishwasher uses very little water so half a detergent tablet is more than enough to have super clean, shiny dishes.  The cutlery tray is wonderful; you can lay out all your cutlery and it washes cleans and dries perfectly.For comparison, the dishwashers I've owned are a GE Profile Performance whisper quiet, an $1800.00 Bosch, a Kitchenaid and now the Miele Futura.  The only one of these that could even compare to the Miele for quietness was the Bosch.  It was probably as quiet as the Miele, but it did not wash dishes very well.  The Miele gets the dishes beautifully clean while being quiet at the same time.  The GE Profile washed fine, but despite claims to whisper quietness was loud.  The Kitchenaid was the loudest of the bunch and did not get the dishes clean unless I ran the pots and pans cycle.Even if you don't care about quietness, the Miele did the best job at cleaning dishes.  My glasses look brand new again.PROS:-incredibly quiet-cleans dishes extremely well-clean-touch steel stays clean-cutlery tray allows cutlery to come out clean and dryCONS-Not really a con, more of an FYI.  The dishwasher must be quite full for it to be really quiet.  If it's half full to empty, it's as noisy as a regular dishwasher.  It makes a huge difference.-completely undercounter mounting means there is no way to know how far along in a cycle the dishwasher is without opening the door-requires special Miele rinse aid to do the best drying job 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:30:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
89682367	The KitchenAid Built-In Dishwasher ModelKUDS30IXBL is a flimsy, disappointing piece of substandard technology that does not clean dishes. It leaves a nasty white film on everything as well as leaving loose food on the dishes. The upper tray falls easily off the track. The silverware holder features flimsy holders that don't stay in place.Whirlpool/KitchenAid blames the problem with the film on the government removing phosphates, on water being too hard or too soft, on anything other than the fact they built a flimsy appliance that doesn't clean dishes. However, the fact remains my old dishwasher worked just fine with the same water and the same dish washing detergents.The KitchenAid Built-In Dishwasher ModelKUDS30IXBL was a total waste of money. The Whirlpool/KitchenAid customer service is almost non-existent. I know; I tried calling them. I wash my dishes by hand now.I have posted photos and a video of the dirty dishes on my blog to document the problem. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:30:32	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86946519	I've had this dishwasher for over two years now and I don't know how I got along without it for two reasons:1) I live in a small cramped apartment in Manhattan, and2) I'm a guy and HATE doing dishes. I live by myself so I mostly use it for glasses and the occasional plates and silverware (I tend to cook very little as well).Before I got my Haier dishwasher, dishes would sit in my sink for days... it was disgusting and I still had no motivation to wash them. With this little miracle I was the dishes as soon as it filled up, it is pretty quick though can be noisy (I actually installed in the cupboard above the sink so it cuts down on the noise, but what do you expect... its a dishwasher, they are notorious for being noisy). It also has three was settings (rinse, normal, and heavy scrub... the air dry is worthless and I always turn it off. The dishes dry faster with the door open and rack pulled out). Its simple to use, effectively and saves me the time and hassle of doing the dishes manually. After two years of heavy use it has proven that it can stand up to some abuse. If it ever breaks (which I hope it doesn't) I will certainly buy another one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:30:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77680402	I had a fancy digital Frigidaire dishwasher for 2 years that never was consistent and left dishes dirty, soap in the dispenser, tried and tried to fix it and finally gave up. So did they. They gave me back my money!!! I wanted a simple dishwasher without the bells and whistles. One that just washes the dishes and dry's them too. THIS DISHWASHER is fantastic. I can't believe I struggled with the fancy one for 2 years. You cannot go wrong with this one and it is noisy. Who cares? It does what you need it to do. Wash the dishes! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:30:32	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50870172	maybe one star is too severe, this  dishwasher is quiet and does a good job cleaning-BUT...the interior racks are CRAP!  flimsy, and the rollers on either side of the top rack are worthless!  obviously not tested in the CR labs!  I just ordered TWO replacement parts from E-Bay...OEM parts at half the Sears Parts  site...and free shipping.  I only need 1...but I am expecting the worst...  I, like others, researched this dishwasher...and did not see this problem reported in any reviews...now it seem to be a very common complaint.  oh well...let me tell you about my Kenmore Elite French door refrigerator...and the CRAP icemaker...... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:30:32	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
26234143	I give it a 1 star because it looks nice!  I bought my first dishwasher from Lowe's in November of 2011.  Within 2 weeks they had to replace it due to leaking from the door.  The second one started leaking right away.  They sent repairmen out 3 times to fix this thing.  Here it is June of 2013, and this dishwasher is AGAIN leaking.  There has to be a serious design flaw.  I owned a Maytag before, and a GE before that, and I have never, ever had a leak from either one of those.  Don't buy this dishwasher!  When 2 of the same model leaks the same way, there is a problem.  Frigidaire needs to step up and make it right.  They are lemons and the lemon law should apply. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:31:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
66137294	I bought a model from this line back in June of 2007. I'm going to write this review for every model in this series, because my problem applies to all of them since they all use the same part and design for this issue. Basically, the User Interface (the component you use to select the dishwashwer settings and run the dishwasher) went bad and had to be replaced after only 16 months. Naturally, it was just outside the warranty phase. If I had a family, it would've probably occured sooner. My wife and I don't dirty a lot of dishes, and we only wash 1-2 loads a week. Even if this problem occurred within the warranty period, however, you'd still run into it again I think, because it'll probably be something that occurs every 1 to 2 years. I had hoped that Frigidaire had maybe resolved this issue, since I bought it when it was fairly new to the market and this is probably a design flaw. However, my repair man didn't give me any indication of that. I watched the repair, which was as easy as unplugging the old interface and plugging up the new one, a waste of $117 in labor if you ask me...a monkey could do it! Btw, the part was $113. Although, the repair guy was confident in how the steam is purposely vented away from the electronic components, the fact of the matter is there ARE vents that allow moisture access into the door to allow cooling to the electronic components. The main computer board is pretty well protected with a cover and gasket, but the user interface is definitely exposed at this point. The repair did not involve any changes to this design, so it will probably happen again, I'm sure of it. It also doesn't wash dishes very well either...For $600, I'd expect a better wash job. I always make a habit of pre-rinsing dishes anyway, but if you don't, you'll probably have to rewash them from time to time. I wouldn't recommend buying any dishwasher in this series without an extended warranty, or probably any Frigidaire at all...however, to me, if a brand is so bad, and extended warranty becomes a must, you might not want to buy it altogether...after all, that's probably what they want you to do anyway...so they can drain more dollars out of your wallet...whatever happened to spending $500 and getting at least 5 or even 10 years without any issues?! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:31:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
91018735	This is my second Frigidaire dishwasher; it replaced one that was about ten years old and whose motor burned out for no special reason.  Since we cut out a cabinet to make room for it, I had to get the same size, except that it is shorter than the one it replaced and also has less capacity (shorter baskets).We have tried every soap known to man (Biokleen seems to be the best) and even if we rinse the dishes practically clean, we find at least a handful of items in every cycle that need to be rewashed.  If I need to completely wash and sanitize the dishes in the sink before loading the machine, I think I'd rather have my cabinet back!We have also had the same problem Jason describes above; it stops in mid-cycle (sometimes with the water running!) so we don't dare leave it running when nobody is home.At least the old one got things clean most of the time.  I would not recommend this product; Sears also makes one this size (not sure who manufactures it) but I've never used it so have no idea if it's better 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:31:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
82028503	We bought this in June of 2011 from another retailer and had it professionally installed by a Samsung certified installer.  Two years later we called for service for the third time.  When they pulled it out from under the counter top, they discovered that it had been leaking and had damaged the cabinets. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:31:50	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
73881324	Product was defective.  Customer service could not and would not help.  Website manuals were unavailable, product registration unavailable, was on hold for service for 1 hour each time I had to call.  Their field technicians were unavailable, rude and unhelpful.  Do not buy this brand.  If you have a problem and expect it to be covered under warranty, you will be extremely dissatisfied. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:31:50	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
39379803	We've had our Bosch dishwasher for about 5 weeks.  I need to say at the outset that I am not a person who rinses things before putting them into the dishwasher.  I scrape off any major food stuff, no water rinse, and into the dishwasher it goes. It sits there until we have enough dishes to run a load (typically around 24 hours). So I got nervous the first time around (with about 10 dirty plates and cups) and did the rinse cycle, which lasts about 9 minutes and uses 1.1 gallon of water.  There was no need to do that.  I have run the Bosch on the Auto, Eco, Normal, and Express cycle.  We are impressed with them all, and most impressed with Express - 30 minute run time, 2.8 gallons of water.  Things came out sparking clean. On the Express cycle.  30 minutes! Thank you, Bosch.I am not upset if the indented bottom of an upside down coffee mug has 1/4 tsp. of water remaining after the cycle.  I don't like using electric heat to get the bottoms of my coffee mugs bone dry.  All the items without small depressions are completely dry after any of the above cycles.  I also have no need for a Sanitize cycle, although it was a stock setting with this model. I never had a way to sanitize my dishes when I hand washed them, before we bought this automated dishwasher, so I don't see a need to start doing that now.This dishwasher also does a fine job with the regular box of powdered dish soap, not the annoying pelletized pods that we are all expected to buy now.  Does any one notice how the price of these prized pellets compares to that of the bulk powder per load? We sheep are being led down the path once again. In the name of #34;convenience#34; we are supposed to spend more and add more plastic packaging to the environment - no thanks.We love the upper third rack silverware tray. The traditional silverware basket from the bottom shelf now has a prized place in our garage. Loading has not been a problem.  The plate slots are close together, but they work!  Dishes placed closely together in those slots come out clean!People mention the quiet quotient a lot.  It was not a top of the list concern for us.  Our main concern was that the dishwasher cleaned dishes and did not leak. But it is very quiet.  We purposely looked for a model with controls and display on the front of the door, so that we could see elapsed time.  We love that.I have pulled the filter out twice to see if it needed cleaning (see 1st paragraph about unrinsed dishware).  It was amazingly free of chunky debris, only needed a mild swish with a brush, and probably could have gone a couple of months before its first cleaning.Read the manual, it really helps.  Best tip is: get the tap water running hot before you start the dishwasher!  Second best: do not get water all over the control panel buttons! (Maybe some overzealous cleaning going on...) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
20706978	I paid up to have the silver and they sent the white. huge pain to return as it's 50 pounds and I can't even lift e box to take to UPS.I will post a review once I get the correct one and actually use it.NOT HAPPY!!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
67634328	ProVery quiet.RackMatic Adjustable Upper Rack - easy to change heights and adds flexibility to dishwasher.Extra Tall Item Sprinkler - sounds like a great idea, haven't use it yet.Low Rinse Indicator - a load off my mind.ConControls  Status Window on top of the door - This is con because of a miscalculation on my part. My granite countertop sticks out 1.5 inch over the base cabinet without the door. When I lineup dishwasher to be flush with cabinet, the control buttons and status window appears underneath the countertop where I can't see it. This is not a big bad deal since I set the controls before and close the door to start wash. But I do lose out on the status window and maybe the Low Rinse Indicator.  Lessons Learn: should have bought dishwasher with control and status window on the front of the door. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:33:39	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
34507627	This piece matches my dishwasher perfectly. It fits just like an original piece that came with the machine. I have a Kenmore. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:33:39	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
9699879	I agree with Kay and Kirsty - this dishwasher is poorly designed, poorly constructed and does a poor job washing dishes.  The silverware tray is soft, cheap plastic and putting it on the door is the worst idea I've ever seen in a dishwasher.  It leaves debris on the dishes no matter which cycle you use, and does not get the silverware clean.It is quiet - probably because its not doing anything.  It does match the fridge, but its so worthless that we usually just hand wash the dishes instead of using it because you end up having to hand wash dishes after they come out of this machine anyway.  We all hate it and wish we could take it back. It deserves zero stars - DO NOT BUY! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:33:39	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
59392728	This is the quietest dishwasher I've ever heard! Now, to be fair - all other dishwashers I've ran were painfully loud... think tv on full blast loud... I could run this thing in the living room and not need to turn up the volume. It does take around 2 hours on normal run, but the dishes are beautifully clean. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:35:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53586430	We eat out a lot and like to run small loads in the dishwasher. sadly though this very high end and expensive dishwasher has broken 2x in 3 years.it is the actuators that lower the top seal down. it costs $750 with parts and labor to fix. next time, its going in the garbage and we're buying a workhorse. Honestly, for a lightly used machine it really stinks. Love the idea....too bad its a lemon. I have read dozens and dozens of stories about this machine on line, so apparently we're not the only ones who have had problems. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:35:29	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
47872693	In a world where Maytag owns Whirlpool (or is it the other way around?) and LG and GE are Hecho in China it was difficult to get a washer which stands above the maddening crowd.  So after ALOT of internet searching and comparing we decided to get this machine. I should have just listened to know it all Steve at work.We have quite a tribe here at 'Dream Factory'.  Ans the washer seems to be going all the time.  House clothes, sports clothes, school clothes, work clothes, well you get the gist.Before we had a Maytag.  It lasted a good six years.  But the relationship was sour for that last long year.  So we were relieved when it finally stalled.  Should we fix it?  . NOOO!  we all yelled in tandem.Well then here we are with a wonder of a machine.  Four months of professional washing.  Smart control panel with all the essential settings easy to set.  Locking top when in use.  Which can be over-ridden as needed.  Stainless steel drum.  Self stabilizer.  Unique Fisher  Paykel spray rinse.  'Work in progress' display lights.  Ecosmart features. 'Energy Star' rating. Direct drive mechanics (no antiquated fan belt).  Made in Canada  USA.  The company originates from New Zealand (Australia?).  You know; shrimps on the barbie and all. . . . . . .  Listen its a FANTASTIC workhorse, high tech machine.  That leaves clothes clean and unharmed.The geared spin cycle is super fast.  dries the clothes great. That means less time in the dryer. And a nice gentle jet humm. And a ten year warranty.  Wow. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:35:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
37500380	I had it for a month and loved it except when it overflowed twice. Then it died completely.  Per the instructions I returned the power cord cut from the dead unit along with a bar code to get my replacement washer sent to me.  Washer was never sent and because I had already sent my proof of purchase to the company (apparently I was supposed to xerox it in case) they would do nothing for me.On the other hand it is several inches thinner than competing brands and I appreciated that. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:35:29	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
53994728	I love this thing. I thought that it would take up too much counter space, but when you think about it really only takes the space that dirty dishes would otherwise occupy, so it's not a loss of counter space at all. As a bonus, you can hide the dirty dishes inside! It's really been amazing not having to wash dishes. Oh, and don't forget the time saved! I'm certain this little wonder is also saving me oil since I don't need to have the hot water on for long periods of time. I use cold water to the machine since it heats up the water anyway and it's not been a problem for me -- dishes still come out super clean. The cycles take 20 minutes longer than what's listed in the manual, but I wonder if that is because i use the cold water. to test, i ran a cycle with hot water and it still took just as long, but that's the only negative i have found. well, i wish the thing was bigger, but it is a countertop dishwasher after all. overall a great buy and it's already paid for itself. If this thing ever breaks, i'll cry. if you're wondering about buying like i was, make sure you read all the reviews people post -- it definitely helped me. and read the reviews for all the various brands since i'm pretty sure that the three or four brands out there are basically the same thing other than the color and what the front of the unit can do (digital readout, more buttons, etc.)  believe me, it's worth it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:35:29	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
22539995	Agree with other negative reviews on this KitchenAid KUDS30FXSS2 dishwasher.  We have the same issues across the board: 1) leaking door repaired  2) replaced three sets of top rack assemblies (around $50 each time) 3) now the pump is making noise and there is not enough water pressure to run the top water jets.  WE WILL NOT POUR MORE MONEY DOWN THIS DRAIN!  Stay away from this piece of junk..... Better ye,t I would strongly adise staying away from Kitchen Aid.  We will not buy Kitchen aid again it is absolute cheap junk, even though you pay top dollar. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:37:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
18558049	This isn't a review about the refrigerator so I won't go there. This dishwasher is unable to store anything in an efficient manner (like there refrigerator). This dishwasher cleans sometimes and doesn't at others... Now I have a light show on the control board... It doesn't help get the dishes clean. Did I mention we have had the board replaced on the stove as well? Also Electrolux. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:37:42	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
28546243	I have had my Danby now for about five years, and it's been just great !  Now after many years of great service it developed a very small leak in the inlet water supply hose.  I will have it repaired.  And when this one finally dies, I'll buy another just like it..  If you do buy it, I guarantee you will love it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:37:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50535865	It arrived in record time, was easy to setup and swap out the sink fixtures.  Instructions were spot on.  The best part is that it is very  quiet and doesn't annoy my neighbors, I live in a small apartment. Because I'm at work more than I am at home I rinse my dishes well and put in the washer and will wash once maybe twice a week.The amount of water used is very low so there is not a lot of waste.I did notice that when a cycle is over there was more water in the bottom than I would like so when it gets to the dry cycle I let it run for a minute or so and then shut it off and open the door and let the steam escape drying every thing very well.  Then I switch to the rinse cycle and start it back up and it will pump all the excess water out of the bottom.  Then I turn it off and turn the nob to where I will want it to start the next time and unplug.I hope it lasts because I'm really happy with it.I do use a little salt (water softener)  in the bottom of the washer along with the little square all in one products and my dishes come out perfectly clean.  I have  horrible hard water and this seems to work and I hope will prevent the washer from being damaged.Would recommend for a one person household and studio living. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:37:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47596702	I love my dishwasher.  It is so quiet! I love the extra space at the bottom where I can put cookie sheets and cutting boards.  My old dishwasher couldn't do that.  The silverware baskets are roomy.  The dishwasher looks nice and is easy for my kids to operate.  I've never had an issue with drying or the cleanliness of the dishes.  My family comments how this dishwasher is so much better than our 12 year old Whirlpool.  I read all of the reviews before purchasing this and was a little fearful due to all of the low ratings.  I made sure that I could return it if I was unhappy and they said absolutely so I took a chance and am happy.  I did call Samsung about a question and they answered the call promptly.  I had a small problem on the toe kick and they are sending out a replacement without any issues.  If you register online you can get an extra 3 months on your warranty so make sure to do that. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:37:42	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25958347	My dishwasher had to be repaired when I received it.  I will say they were prompt with repair service. After servicing the dishwasher worked very well.  However, the instruction manuel is so vague it is almost worthless. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:38:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
31492008	I bought this today when it went on sale, after months of dithering and arguing with myself, thinking, why does one person need a dishwasher.  Answer?  I HATE DOING DISHES.  And I hate the clutter of a sink full of dirty dishes and cups and silverware.  See, I'm a shift-worker.  And let's face it, I hate housework. The last thing I want to do on a day off is the darned dishes.  Also my kitchenette is tiny - 7 feet square.  With a full sized stove and fridge, my counter-space is pretty much limited to a 2 foot square area to the right of the sink.  The left side is where the dish rack used to live.  Well no more.  Now the dishwasher sits there and hums along quietly.  I love this thing.  It holds a week's worth of stuff, it cleans them just fine on the 45 minute speed cycle, it only uses a reported 12 litres/3 gallons of hot water per full cycle, so I assume it's less on the speed cycle, and everything comes out shiny and clean.  It's about 1/2 the size of an 18 dishwasher, it has one rack with a little side top rack that folds down for mugs, the cutlery tray is partitioned and can be removed easily if you want to throw in some pots, it's quiet, and dead easy to put together and hook up to the sink.  Just keep in mind, it's NOT small - it's 17 and 1/4 inches tall by 21 inches wide by 19 inches deep.  It does have a certain looming presence. But I don't care.  It does the darned dishes! And the new reduced height means it fits under my cupboards.This is the newer model without the viewing window, which means lesser chance of seal failure.  I used teflon tape when I attached the hoses and so far so good.  I will report back in a couple months when I get the electric bill, but I bet it's about the same as handwashing.  Well ok, it's electric, so maybe not, but I DON'T CARE, it's a dishwasher and I feel like a real grownup now.For just under 200 bucks, you can't go wrong.  And I got a full one-year warranty with purchase, for free.  I love it. I guess that's a bit ridiculous to say, but it's the next best thing to a live-in butler!  If only it loaded itself..... ah well one day..... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:38:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
85504419	I love this little electronic appliance.  It was the cheapest one at a local brick-and-mortar store, and we debated whether cheaper was the way to go, or whether it would be worth it to invest in a more expensive dishwasher.  The problem is, we live in an area of incredibly hard water, and without a water softener (another expensive appliance), all dishwashers break down within 2-3 years.  So, we went with cheaper, thinking that it would be worth it in the money saved.It works just as well as an expensive one.  I love that there's a child-lock button on this particular model. It takes longer than the recommended 5-seconds to activate it though.  Maybe more like 15 seconds of pushing the lock button!  It fits the standard size dishwasher space, and the back can be converted from the wire-in model to a plug-in model with a separate kit that you purchase.Capacity is decent.  I still have to handwash really large/tall trays that don't fit in the bottom rack.  Water usage is definitely low, as we have not seen a spike in our water bill since purchasing and installing this dishwasher.  For less than $500, we have more time to spend with each other, instead of griping about who gets to wash the dishes.I also love that the filter mechanism is super-easy to clean.  This is very different from older dishwashers that I am accustomed to.  Just another thing that makes life easier. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:38:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
21131646	The seller (NY appliance shop) was not particularly responsive when the item arrived with a dent on the side.  But instead of mailing it back (too big!) as they suggested and waiting another few weeks for another dishwasher, I decided to install it anyway, hoping it would work.  It did.  It is a perfect size for a couple like us.  We run it usually once per day.  We use Cascade Complete, as suggested.  In LA, we have hard water and mineral deposits.  Most of the time, there is not a problem, but if we need to, we just add Lemi Shine to the wash.  It's been over 6 monthes.  Great product, very happy. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:38:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
38331204	I recently got this dishwasher and I've been quite pleased with it.  I had a place that had a very basic dishwasher that was starting to leak so I used it as an excuse to get a nice dishwasher.  My main goal was to find a dishwasher that I could throw dishes into with only a minimum of pre-washing.  After a little looking around, I bough this model on the recommendation of Consumer Reports.  Then I logged onto Amazon only to see a lot of negative comments.  Uh oh...First of all in terms of space, I find it to be very spacious, far more so than my last dishwasher.  The top rack in particular has a lot more depth to it so that I can place larger glasses and stemware in it without any finagling.  I suppose this mostly comes down to a matter of comparison, but I found it to be substantially improved.The Storm Wash feature works really well against everything I've thrown at it so far.  Basically this is just an extra spray nozzle located under a part of the bottom rack that shoots water straight up.  So if you have a heavily soiled dish, you put it face down on this thing and it will clean it really well.  I threw a chili crock pot at it, no problem.  Had a casserole dish from making cornbread that I didn't touch with a scrub brush and it was nice and clean when done.It's not immortal, you can't have big chunks of food in it of course, but I've found that as long as you get the cursory large chunks of debris it handles the small stuff really well.  The one caveat on this is that I've noticed that if you use Storm Wash and put glasses on the side that's over that nozzle, I tend to get some caked on food bits in the glasses on that side.  Makes sense when you consider how the water flows when running that cycle.  So just don't put glasses in that spot when Storm Washing and it's fine.One other observation is that the smart setting for dishes isn't very smart.  I just find that my dishes aren't as consistently clean on that setting.  I'm probably saving water and energy, but my goal is to get my dishes clean.  Basically if I've got anything vaguely demanding in the washer, I throw it on Pots and Pans cycle and that really seems to do the job.It's crazy quiet.  I had a party and ran it during the party when everybody was in the kitchen and you couldn't tell it was even on.  It's so well sealed and insulated that I'll find the dishwasher is actually still warm and humid days after I've done a load of dishes.The control panel is a little odd in how it works, but once I figured out that I had to hold the power button down to get it to come on it's been fine.  Haven't had any problems with it, but we'll see how it does over time.So my overall impression is that if it holds up I got the right dishwasher.UPDATE:  So I've now had this dishwasher for a while and I've gotten some sense of where it might be going wrong for some people.  First of all if you load dishes too close to the soap door, then the soap door won't open properly.  So just be aware of that.The other thing I've noticed is that while theoretically it can hold a lot of dishes, in reality, the effectiveness of the dishwasher declines pretty quickly if you load it with too many dishes.  Basically if you're going to do a large number of dishes, you'll definitely want to pre-clean them.  If you keep it to lighter loads though it's a very effective dishwasher at scouring off even the worst caked on crap.I've had no issues with the electronics or any kind of malfunction.  So I'm quite pleased.UPDATE 2: So I've now had this for almost two years and it still works great.  I love being able to throw caked on dishes into the storm wash and know it'll just come out clean.  Highly recommended. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:38:48	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77206922	Our Samsung steel tub dishwasher model DMT610RHS required repair within 18 months due to a defective rack bracket.  $1000 for this purchase and it didn't last 2 years before repair was required.  We were quoted $50 for a technician to come to the house.  The charge ended up being $180... and the repair was required due to a Samsung quality issue that they refuse to acknowledge despite several other customers leaving similar reports on their Samsung product website.  The rack bracket broke and a piece of hard plastic was stuck in the pump.  Sincerely, I have never experienced such poor customer support.  Please do your homework before purchasing a Samsung dishwasher.  We could not find a local appliance technician to service the dishwasher as they said the support is lacking, and the replacement parts are too hard to source. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:41:53	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43639082	Purchased this dishwasher in May 2011. We are now on our 3rd control panel. Most recent one installed Jan. 2013. By the end of January 2013 the motor started making whining noises. Called Frigidaire and requested a new piece of equipment as I feel that 4 repairs in 20 months is fairly indicative of a lemon product. Was told that if I don't continue to purchase their warranty, then I am just out of luck, they won't stand behind their product. I've already spent $100.00(just the for one technician visit in Jan.) to repair the control panel in January. If I pay to have the motor fixed I could almost purchase a new dishwasher. Won't be purchasing Frigidaire, anything, again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:41:53	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
69530359	I bought this dishwasher a little less than a month ago and I LOVE IT!! I have not had any problems with it so far. It was easy installation and easy to use everyday. I would definetly recommend this product to someone looking for a coutertop dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:41:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69472107	I got this on December 22, 2005 which was two days after I ordered it and about a week before I thought it would be delivered. That was a great surprise and I was happy about it. It was in perfect condition. It's awkward for one person to handle the box, but was delivered right to my porch. I needed someone to help me get it out of the box and up on the counter, but after it was up there I moved it myself from one side of the sink to the other when I rearranged things in the kitchen to accommodate the best placement. The connections were easy. The learning curve on how to use and choose the cycles available took a bit longer, but was not problematic. The longest cycle is about 47 min and the shortest is about 20 min. I spent the week (I had the week off) washing things that needed dishwashing - things that don't sparkle from hand-washing and tend to get dingy. Included were dishwashing detergent and also a liquid rinse agent to add to the dispenser in the door. Depending on what size your glasses and dishes are, you can fit a decent amount into the dishwasher and you can take part of the rack out if you want to do only a lot of glasses or for something that needs a lot of room by itself.  The glasses and dishes have been sparkling when they come out and very hot if you use the sani-cycle. The only thing that hasn't been wonderful is that if I put tea and milk into my clear tea mugs, sometimes there is a faint cloudy film on the cup that doesn't come off in the wash.  A couple of times I've had to wet them and wipe them out after they came out. Over all I'm very pleased. This is after 3 weeks. I will update if need be. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:41:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
60297958	We bought this product from the manufacturer's web-site, on December 11, 2009. It took almost three months to get to us.Received the product on March 11, 2010.  Came with a quick fit unit that goes on the fauct, no problem, but the unit is shape like a hexagone and the hose is round.  So it leaks everywhere and DOES NOT WASH DISHES!!! I've ran it three time, not a single clean dish!Calling customer service is a joke as they do not answer, you have to leave a voice mail and hope the respond soon.Piece of junk and worthless company!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:41:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
86137505	Lots of people seem to dislike this unit, but we've had it for nearly a year now without any issues.  It's quiet, easy to use and works great.  I installed it myself with no issues and it has worked nearly flawless (much better than our 15 year old Maytag).  I like the adjustable top rack and the utensil tray works great!We've been very happy with this one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
81963878	Had mine about 3 years. Actually I think now that after reading these reviews that my water heater must have stopped working the first year. You can always use hot water I guess at a little more cost per wash but it's worth it. Does ok overall. I did have a problem with the water not shutting off. You had to smack it in the rear on the right side where the float was to get it to trigger. That problem went away after about 9 months. I do run bleach or CLR through it once in a while to clean it out and that helps. So overall, I use it at least 4 times a week now for 3 years and it's held up with the exception of the water heater. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:43:53	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41506517	Purchased in 6/11, by 11/11 we had to request service and it was repaired (2 weeks later!) and the technician told us we used too much detergent (we used cascade complete tablets) so we started using a gel (which left everything slimy) so we used a granular detergent but only 1 tsp as the tech recommended.  Still not satisfied with the cleanliness of the dishes(I prewash them too!), the machine SMELLS and has to be wiped out after every use at the door to keep the odor at bay and now 3 months after the first repair we are getting the same error code!!!  DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS MACHINE!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:43:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
26877142	It doesn't even deserve a star. We bought this for our new house, which we purchased a little more than 3 years ago. After 3 years of enduring some of the longest and loudest dishwashing you've ever heard, it's finally time to get rid of this sucker. Two days ago the pump motor gave out. Instead of being mad that this thing crapped out in just over 3 years, I'm actually ecstatic that I now have a reason to replace it. It takes 2 HOURS to wash a single load of dishes in this thing. And you better get ready to turn up the volume on your TV if you want to hear anything while it's running. Seriously - steer clear. It's easier and quicker to wash your dishes by hand. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:43:53	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
34099842	Purchased this from a large box store, lasted 14 months. Doesn't draw water. Very disappointing just out of warranty. It's only my wife and I, we use it twice a week maybe three times. GE doesn't bring good things to life anymore. Yes it was quiet, now it's very quiet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:43:53	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
61815953	I bought this dishwasher from a local appliance store after it had decent reviews online. It worked okay, nothing to be stoked about, for about a year and a half. Then the 'normal' and 'pots and pans' buttons start flashing and the unit won't run. So I take it apart. Clean everything. Reassemble. Still blinking. So I remove the glued face of the buttons. Clean. Reassemble.  And it works! well 3 months later. It starts flashing again. I do all of the prior repairs to no luck. Garbage. If it had worked awesomely from the get go I would be inclined to call a repair man. Save your money. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:46:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77753704	This dishwasher works very well. It fit in a wide cabinet quite easily, only needing to remove a shelf. The hose adapter is easy to connect and we simply leave it connected to the sink (we had to remove our Pur filter in order to do so).We have had absolutely zero difficulty with using it. When the cleaning cycle has finished, we simply crack the door open and unplug the dishwasher. I use dishwasher packet inserts that contain both detergent and rinse-aid, but I filled the rinse-aid section of the dishwasher anyway.We have very large plates, 10.5#34;, and they fit in the dishwasher at an angle. Because the plates are so thick, I have to be careful to make sure there is a gap between them.Just like any dishwasher, anything hardened on may not clean off, but I've found this dishwasher to be far more effective at cleaning even in those instances.The utentil slots are very thin and only some of our utensils fit inside the cover. We simply removed the cover on one side and left it on the other. The covered side holds our chopsticks wonderfully.This dishwasher was one of the best purchases we've made in years. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:46:09	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36258591	I don't understand how anybody could give this a good rating.Ours takes about 6 to 8 hours to run a full cycle.  Sometimes, the dishes do not get clean.The wheels on the lower basket keep falling off.I like the light that goes off shortly after the cycle is complete.  Then, nobody knows that the dishes are clean, so people add dirty dishes to a clean load.  The people who designed this #34;feature#34; must live alone.  Amazing that this company could grow so big with such a lack of understanding of how consumers use products.  This must have been an energy-saving feature to comply with some regulation or standard.By the way, if you don't use a rinse agent, the dishes/glasses end up with a film on them.We have had this for several years -- we want to replace, but it's expensive.  Guarantee our next dishwasher won't be a Samsung. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:46:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
23556834	Danby doesn't even get a whole star, I chose this rating because it leaks! I recommend getting a used dishwasher, I saw a nice one at a thrift store the other day for $35, kicking myself in the butt......... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:46:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
24811129	We're very disappointed with this dishwasher.  It's terrible.  The rack is rickety and gets stuck sliding in and out.  The slats in the rack are so widely spaced that almost everything falls through except a dinner plate.  It smells musty half the time.  It seems to be designed as inconveniently as possible so that you can never load it more than half full.  There aren't nearly enough sensible spaces for plates or glasses or bowls.  It feels like a toy.  And for some reason, Bosch (which has a good reputation) thinks they can put their name on this product.  Does it get dishes clean?  Sometimes.  It's not great.  The only good thing you can say about it is that it's quiet -- especially when you're too disgusted to use it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:46:09	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
49132229	I've seen mixed reviews on this washer, so maybe there are lemons out there, but I don't have one. This machine is perfect, the best I have ever used. It washes extremely well, cleaning some challenges I threw in there just to see what it could do. It is energy efficient and very quiet. I mean unbelievably quiet! I read you have to use Finish detergent and I don't find this an issue. I just use Finish, a small price to pay for the utility of this dishwasher. I read it loads poorly and I find it easy to load. One area I use for bowls tends to tip over until I get a plate in place. Whatever. I am 100% p,eased with my Bosch Ascentia! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:47:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
42707171	I purchased my Haier countertop dishwasher in Sept 2007 for my little 2 bedroom apt, because I did not have room for anything bigger and did not want to be responsible for all the expenses associated with permanently installing one (electrical, plumbing, etc).  Plus - why would I pay to put a dishwasher in someone else's home?So - it has been 8 months now and I am very happy with my purchase.  This little guy is perfect for the occasional dishes and utensils that a single person makes.  You can even fit small pots and pans in it, but for me the main use is for dishes.  And as someone who absolutely HATES to wash utensils, this guy is perfect!  Hooking it up is very easy, just attach to your faucet with the quick-disconnect attachment, and drop the drain hose in the sink and you are done.  Now for a larger family that cooks alot this might not be ideal, as it only holds a small amount of dishes, and one or two pots fills it, so make sure you consider that.  But for a single guy/girl, a young couple, or maybe a single mom or dad with 1 kid - this guy is ideal. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:47:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51746535	The reviews are very mixed to begin with, but I went off the highest rating  best value rather than aesthetics. I've done 3 loads of dishes already. It was amazingly simple to hook up, a cheaper basic faucet works better for hook up than the fancier ones. It came with the adapter already, so no extra runs to the hardware store. The adapter is plastic, so we'll see how long it lasts. Every load I've done so far have come out beautifully. Hand tighten the hoses on the back of the dishwasher to prevent stripping or breaking them. No leaks thus far. The machine is so quiet that I have a hard time telling if it's the refrigerator or the dishwasher I hear. I used a rinse aid and some Cascade gel detergent and so far so good. I'd recommend this to anyone who's limited on kitchen space or doesn't want to plumb for a full size dishwasher. It's roomy enough that I could get away with running it once or twice a week in my house. I don't want to imagine life without this thing!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:47:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28616586	I have a very small kitchen in my new home and had one cabinet that could fit the Danby. I purchased it on the basis of the positive reviews here on Amazon and elsewhere on the internet.  The reviews are accurate. This little machine has sufficient space for a small kitchen operation and effectively cleans and dries dishes, cups and glasses, pots and pan, silverware, etc. Without any pre-washing, I have yet to remove any item properly positioned in the Danby that was not thoroughly cleaned and dried.  The rinse aid functions effectively and removes any water streaks from glassware.  The interior is stainless steel and has the appearance of a higher-end dishwasher.  It is relatively quiet in operation. The normal cycles takes, on average, about 2 hours to complete, although I have not timed it exactly.You will need additional items to complete the installation of the Danby, which are detailed in the installation manual.  E.G., you will need electrical wiring, a hot water hose, and other typical dishwasher attachments. The less handy should likely consider hiring a plumber and electrician to perform the installation.My only complaints are the following: (1) the exterior and controls have a cheap plastic appearance; the exterior seems like it could be easily scuffed; (2) the bottom rack, because it is completely independent of the washer, sometimes rolls awkwardly on the rack tracks; (3) the Danby emits a single beep that repeats in 30 second intervals or so when the door is ajar. I like to keep the door slightly ajar on occasion to make sure any excess moisture evaporates.  This warning beep can be avoided merely by pressing the power button and turning the unit off. It is still a minor annoyance. None of these complaints is so significant that I would lower my 5-star rating.In conclusion, after a months use I would recommend this dishwasher to anyone in the market for an 18 inch dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:47:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
84652367	This glass washer is a great product to have behind ANY busy bar. We run it almost constantly throughout the night and it runs like a champ. I'd recommend them to anyone. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 05:47:49	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
47058406	This dishwasher was in the new home that I purchased. Immediately it stopped working. The repairman told me that, even once, if someone puts something in that is just a little tiny bit too tall for the bottom drawer, then the seal between the two drawers is not perfect and the water from the top drawer leaks down and goes into the electronic part of the dishwasher burning out the electronic part.  Even though the dishwasher was almost brand new, I tossed it out and put in a more normal type of dishwasher because I knew that I or my guest helping me in the kitchen would most certainly do just that, causing the dishwasher to fail again. And causing me another very large repair bill.  A very poor design. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:35:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
84092775	I am waiting for the 6th Samsung Dishwasher repair person to call to schedule the 9th visit for my 'new' dishwasher. At what point do they stop 'understanding' and 'apologizing' and actually give some customer service? At what point do they do what is right for the customer? At what point do they start to lose money on this machine?With this sort of service, I will definitely stay away from all Samsung products. sigh! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:35:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
80666786	I'd give it negative stars if I could.This DW came brand new with the house we purchased 1.5 yrs ago.  We have city water, and eventually bought a $5000 water purification system that feeds into all water in the house - and STILL this dishwasher can't do the job!  I literally hand wash dishes before putting them into the DW and they sometimes come out dirtier. I've tried Jetdry, no Jetdry, more/less detergent, expensive/cheap detergent, varying degrees of food on dishes...no luck. It's been like this since we got the house and before and after installing the purification system.Another infuriating thing that happens is that the top basket's track comes off of the plastic wheels attached to the wall. This requires you to have to clear both top/bottom baskets out of the DW, get waist deep in the DW with a flathead screwdriver to fight to remove some stubborn cap off the back end of the track so you can feed it back onto the wheels, and then with brute force, cap the back end of the track once it's on the wheels (Oh, I know this probably doesn't make sense unless you've had the misfortune).Don't be fooled by this DW's stainless steel looks. The top basket has always been loose, everything is of cheap quality and there are clearly way too many design flaws as evidenced by my complaints and others. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:35:26	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
83022882	It is larger than I thought it would be which I guess is a good thing.  Great for the price.  Does what it was expected to do.  Would recommend for anyone who is space crunched or just wants an economical alternative to a dishwasher and installation, etc.Great for sterilizing and really cleaning baby bottles, bowls, etc.  Definitely recommend. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:35:26	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28041541	I bought this Bosch dishwasher model SHE45M06UC at Lowes with a 10% discount for a total of about $600 in Feb 09.Note this model has a Quick cycle, which is 35 mins as opposed to 100 min.  its the reason I bought it....I use it often since I rinse the dishes first to Save Energy, ie, to only run it when its filled completely, which takes 2 days or so for me.True that Bosch is much quieter than expected...you hardly know its on.  But the problems which are mentioned in other reviews need to be addressed.First, the thing stinks.  The stainless steel yields a wierd industrial metal smell afer a day or two of non-use.  I tried running vinegar in it, no change.  It was this way the first week and its still this way.  And I do rinse off food before putting dishes in. Maybe steel is not suitable?  Is there reaction with other metals that are being washed?Drying of items takes longer  and most plastics in the top rack, ie, kids cups, don't dry at all.  This is big pain as I have to dry them by hand to put them away.  If you have kids then think twice about this, its a waste of time that isn't necessary with other washers.  and i can see it happening for the next 5 years or so.  BTW the silverware doesn't get dry either.Another annoyance: The racks seem not to hold our particular type of dishes as efficiently as I expected either. Deep bowls like cereal bowls just don't seem to have a place. So they take up a lot of room.  There are a few spots where vertical pieces were left out (along the side of the top rack - must have saved a whole penny there!), and sometimes plastic sipper tops or tupperware will slide out.Sorry Bosch, but that's the way this machine (SHE45MO6UC) is working out for me.  I don't think I'd recommend it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:35:26	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
57024778	I purchased this dishwasher after carefully reading reviews off the internet less than 2 years ago.  We had it professionally installed.  The consumer reviews said it was quiet, and I believed that KitchenAid knew how to make a product.I do not understand how it got such great reviews.  It started off quiet, but didn't take long before it was as noisy as any economy dishwasher I have ever used.  Not only that, but on 3 occasions we have found puddles of water on the floor after running a cycle.  I fear that we are getting unseen damage to our flooring.  Finally, we pulled out the top rack to unload dishes, when the rack fell off the track.  Glasses and dishes fell down, many of them breaking.  It appears the plastic flanges that hold the wheels onto the rack failed (all but 1).  To get new adjusters will cost us over $50.In addition to all that, you can't walk by the thing, or use the counter without turning it on.  We have been programed now to use the child-lock feature at all times.  It is very annoying to try to do some food preparation, then having your dishwasher turn on.  UGH!I had always purchased GE products for my kitchen, but this time I altered my choice because of the internet reviews.  Guess I will be going back to GE as soon as we can afford a new dishwasher.Stay clear of KitchenAid, at least for their dishwashers. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:37:36	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
20572736	While it is a little larger than I anticipated, this little dishwasher works like a dream.  It's very easy to connect and disconnest from the sink in my kitchen, and the liminate top adds additional counter space to my petite kitchen.  Best new addition to my small apartment ever. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:37:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
41127856	Awful, Awful, Awful product. Electrolux should seriously be put out of business for ripping people off like this. We have had our Electrolux dishwasher since Oct. 2011 and it worked fine for about 2 to 3 months, never really getting the dishes quite as squeaky clean as our previous dishwasher that wasn;t nearly as expensive. Just like the others...Error Code 01, would just stop working/powering on, smoke coming out of the front after one repair kit was installed....I have had to hand wash dishes for the past year and half, WITH a newborn baby and 2 year old (now 17 months and 3 years)...so for those with kids, you should know what a pain in the neck this is...all while a $1400 dishwasher sits right beside the very sink I'm standing in front of for 45 minutes washing dishes. Digusting!!No matter what you try, this thing will never, ever get your dishes clean, I'm warning you now. Please listen and save yourself this nightmare. It will bake on old food and soap scum to where only soaking then hand washing will finally get it off. We have bought every type of dishwasher powder/tablets sold within a 40 miles radius of our home plus some from Amazon, and you guessed it.... DIRTY DISHES. I could go on and on about this thing, we are going hopefully next weekend to buy a Bosch to replace this worthless piece of junk. We're still not certain what to do with it.... Can't really sell it, guess we'll just haul it to the recycling center. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:37:36	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
19294287	We own the same dishwasher but in black GU2475XTVB1. On January 5th 2012 my wife was loading our whirlpool gold quiet partner IV dishwasher.  The top shelf gave way and two bowls knocked together causing a piece of stoneware to chip and fly into my wife's eye.  Although the injury was not substantial or life threatening, the incident has caused us undo trauma and inconvenience.  Upon closer inspection of the dishwasher I found the plastic adjuster clips, which holds most of the weight of the top rack had become warped.  When the top rack is full it is susceptible to fall upon the slightest touch. In my opinion the product is defective and hazardous. I would give this product no stars and advise people based upon our experience to avoid this dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:37:36	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
34558658	Took about 5 days to receive this ordered from amazon. I so far do not have any problems with it. my hose is a little leaky but nothing a plastic steal won't fix. Came with the faucet adapter which is a weird looking adapter but works fine, over all i like this product and the power of this product depending on which way you load the plates in you can fit up to 5 plates in it plus 3 cups and 2 bowls and about 6-10 peices of silverware. i've done 3 loads worth of dishes so far  very happy with the results. the vent dry mode doesn't dry them completely but it takes only about 5 minutes of air drying to finish the job. When its finished with the cycle it beeps then turns itself off. pretty nice only thing i wish it had was a water release valve on the hose to get rid of the water presure between loads of dishes. PRODUCT WORKS GREAT. several types of loads i've done so far, a single load of cups and silverware fits about 10-12 cups. a single load of bowls about 6 , a single load of plates would fit about 7 max. if you load the plates with the rack inside the washer it is easier to fit more inside because there is a lip that hands down on the top of the doorway that makes it harder to put plates in when the rack is extended out. i'll give an update on this product  if i can in the future. works perfect for my family of 3! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:37:36	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
78778706	Bought this dishwasher about 6months ago. The controls seem to have some problem - it keeps giving me a bE (Button Error) error - which is supposed to be a functional error, per the manual. This has already happened about 6 times in the Quick Wash mode.The manual suggests turning off the dishwasher but I cannot power it down. The only way to fix this is turn off the circuit breaker for the dishwasher so that it resets.  Also, the dishwasher has a bad odor - maybe from the food dispenser?? I have used baking powder every month or so to get rid of the smell. The dishwasher is very quiet and the finish seems to be quite good - so the 2 stars.Plan to call the service next week. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:39:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
68370374	This is one of the best ones out there and yes you can replace your regular D/ W wit this one. Couple bucks in plumbing stuff and build a cabinet with a shelf, put a drawer under mine, and a outlet behind it and done. Nice feature, never have to work on it, could swap it out in 5 minutes if it ever goes bad. It's so neat an idea, I was going to make a version to sell at my appliance store that I work in, but might be a conflict of interest one my part with the company I work with. Lots of pluses going this way. But tricky to load and put the big plates in the back, run every day. Would buy this for a spare, but mine might never go out. 5 stars from Frank, an appliance repair person for over 30 years. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:39:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
25585760	We purchased this dishwasher about 6 months ago, in spite of the rather mixed reviews that it has gotten.  It has come in very handy for us.  It is perfect for a small apartment!  It seems that some reviewers were expecting a miracle machine, but it really comes down to you get what you pay for.  If you want a top quality appliance that will last forever, then you should probably invest in something different.  For a young couple looking for a temporary solution, we couldn't be happier!  Not sure why people were having such difficulty with setup, etc... it went together in a snap.As for the flooding problems, I think that it is important to note that there is a removable drain filter that needs to be cleaned off periodically.  This prevents food from clogging up the drainage system.  The filter lifts right out of the bottom of the machine.  We usually take it out and rinse it under hot water after each use.  You should also be around to shut off the water faucet relatively quickly after each use, otherwise water just continues to flow through the hose and a build-up of pressure could cause the seals to burst and, again, flood your kitchen.  Simple maintenance like this should prevent many of the problems that other users are reporting.  I can't stress enough that this is not like an installed dishwasher and therefore, is not operated as such.  If you expect a dishwasher that you can just load and leave, then you should expect to pay for such a machine.As another user noted, the heated dry cycle is completely useless.  It takes extra time and just streaks up your dishes.  Turning it off took a little bit of guess work, but we eventually figured out that you just have to press the button for whichever cycle you want to run (regular or heavy) twice when starting the machine.  We just crack open the door of the washer when the cycle is complete and the dishes dry in minutes once the heat escapes.One more word of advice:  always make sure that you have hot water available when you are washing anything glass.  We found this one out the hard way.  Although the washer has a heating element for the wash cycle, it rinses using whatever water is coming through the faucet.  Your dishes will get very hot during the wash cycle then suddenly cold during the rinse, not an optimal condition for glass. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:39:13	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
50361091	Like so many other folks who own this model our control panel failed two weeks ago.Dishwasher was purchased in April, 2007 and now needs a 300 dollar repair.Was tempted to get it fixed and get an extended warranty but reviews of this product on Amazon and other sites convinced me otherwise.Never again will I ever purchase an appliance from this company!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:39:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25710885	This dishwasher as been nothing but trouble since day one.  The biggest issue is the random 4E error codes, which sometimes prevent using the dishwasher for days at a time.  I learned th hard way that Samsung appliances are generally bad products with poor reliability. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:39:13	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
55500182	I was very disappointed when the dishwasher was installed to see that it had several noticeable dents on its front panel.  I am trying to resolves htis matter by obtaining a new panel from Aamazon, but so far, no luck. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
45288421	Bought one for my Sister for Christmas, was so impressed, ordered one for me too! We both have small houses and cannot afford the $$ to install dishwashers. This is tops!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:40:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
77243107	Looks nice, but serviced three times.  The fifteen year old machine it replaced never needed servicing.  Spring on door broke twice--bad design (see other internet complaints). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71281093	I just got this dishwasher and love it.  Yes the basket is at the door and it is a little odd.  The sensor cycle is great. The dishes come out dry and clean.Great dishwasher, shop around for the best price. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:40:35	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
67382537	Seems to function well, teflon coated interior stays clean, but, the control are in front not at the top  of the door facing up and they aren't illuminated. It's necessary to bend way down or kneel down to see the painted on lettering for the various cycles. Very POOR design.I would NOT recommend or buy this model again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:40:35	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
44446846	This is the finest dishwasher rinse aid cap that I have ever purchased.Installation so easy, my 5 year old could do it. In fact, he did. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:42:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
88369984	This dishwasher was purchased and installed in September 2010.  It was purchased sight unseen as a special order from a large home improvement chain.Right from the beginning, we noticed that clean glasses smelled of soap and water tasted soapy.  Also dishes often did not come out clean, and the flatware still had stuck on food.  We started to rinse the dishes and flatware before loading the machine.In mid-November, I opened the door just as the dry cycle was starting.  The bottom of the tub was covered in soap suds.  To remedy, I ran a rinse only cycle and most of the suds were gone when that finished.  I then thought that maybe it was the name brand gel-tab detergent causing the excess suds, so I switch to a name brand powdered detergent so I could control the amount used.  I started out using the recommended amount and have gradually cut it down to a single tablespoon divided amongst the two dispenser compartments.  The over sudsing continues.  So now in addition to running the rinse only cycle after the normal wash cycle, I have to rinse the whole load in the sink.  So let's see:  rinse before loading, load and run normal wash, run rinse cycle, check for suds, rinse in sink, reload dished to air dry in machine.The reopair man will be here in 10 days.If this is convenience and engergy efficiency, I'll take 1926. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:42:55	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
24039304	This is the greatest purchase I have ever made.  This machine works perfect and has saved me so much time cleaning up in the kitchen.  You would be a fool not to buy this for your house or apartment that does not already have a dishwasher in it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:42:55	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31510930	TERRIBLE experience with ALL of my GE Cafeacute; appliances and have only had them for 8 mos.!  I have had SIX service calls on this dishwasher -- just one problem after the next and GE customer service REFUSES to replace the product when obviously it is defective.  Even if it did work consistently, which it does not, it is designed very poorly.  The lower rack is so shallow that large pots, pans and baking sheets do not fit and must be washed by hand. Similarly dismal experience with the GE Cafeacute; refrigerator (2 service calls) and same with the GE Cafeacute; gas range (1 service call -- was leaking gas due to faulty factory part.)  We spent nearly $7K on these #34;high end#34; appliances and they are crap.  So disappointing - DO NOT BUY GE! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:42:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
78805321	I spent a few hundred dollars extra to get a KitchenAid since the brand was supposed to be very good. Boy was I wrong!The first one I installed had a pin-hole leak in one of the stainless steel seams, high up and under the insulation blanket. It leaked from the moment I first turned it on and the source of the leak was very difficult to find and the whole experience was frustrating.The replacement lasted about two months and the then the controls started behaving strangely: after loading up and closing the door, the machine either 1) sets itself for a heavy wash with a heated dry cycle and locks itself in that mode or 2) locks the controls completely and will not let me set any type of wash cycle. The only way to restore normal behavior is to unplug the dishwasher and plug it back in to reset the circuitry. I am very, very glad I didn't hard wire the thing in place. Once the power is cycled, it works fine for a few days then back to the odd behavior. The appliance repair guys deemed it bad circuitry in the door. Since it is under warranty, the circuitry in the door is being replace this week to take care of this problem.When it's running, it is very quiet compared to other dishwashers I have owned and it does a good job cleaning. It takes a couple of hours to do a complete cycle but that is apparently part of the water and energy saving and it's so quite it doesn't matter.An annoying feature is the silverware basket. It comes with little plastic grates in the silverware basket that are meant to hang the forks, spoons and knives so that they don't touch and get clean easier. The little grates are supported by the smallest plastic pins I've ever seen and they are constantly falling into the basket. They are a great idea, but so poorly implemented that they are next to worthless.I had expected high quality from a KitchenAid, but this thing doesn't seem special or high quality in any way. Next time I'll save some money and get a Maytag. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:42:55	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
17196501	In the two years that I've owned this dishwasher, I've needed to replace the control panel and now need repair the top shelf.  The upper rack is held together by a few, very poorly designed, plastic pieces which based on others reviews are prone to failure.  It's very disappointing that a company with a reputation such as Kitchenaid would produce and market this unit 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:44:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
57135973	We've had a Miele dishwasher for the past 8 years.  Four years ago, we replaced the main wash pump (over $600,) and were just told that we need to do the same AGAIN.  Two main wash pumps in 8 years????  That is not reliable in my opinion.Yes, it's a really quiet dishwasher, but so is just about every other dishwasher by every other manufacturer out there.... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:44:16	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
52555740	I don't know why so many people rated this a 5 star.  It certainly was not worth $400 for 6 months of use.  I can only guess that those 5 star people have only had the machine a short time because mine worked fine at first.  However, within 6 months this is what started happening per my previous review: It washes almost nothing on the top rack or the silverware.  It doesn't go into the last cycle and leaves water standing in the bottom.  The soap compartment also doesn't open on a regular basis.  So disappointing! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:44:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
54913423	We have all BOSCH appliances in our 2 year old home. This dishwasher has had the motor go out, the front come completely off so that we cant open the door, and the racks and sides of the dishwasher are rusting. I've had similar experiences with the other appliances. The repair guy said their appliances aren't what they used to be and you don't get what you pay for. I couldn't agree more. Customer service is very helpful.....just pay them a million dollars and they will send a repairman out....save yourself a lot of money and buy the cheapest appliance you can find and it will still be 10 times better than BOSCH. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:44:16	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
25814456	We bought the Electrolux EWDW6505GS dishwasher in June 2008.  We have had three major service problems in our short 18-month ownership... outrageous considering that it was sold as a high-end and reliable appliance.  The first problem we had occurred just a couple months after we installed the dishwasher; it would report Error 01 which is a leak detection error.  We had someone come out (on Electrolux's dime) and they found some of the hose clamps were not sufficiently tightened from the factory.  After the tech tightened them up, we haven't had the same problem since.  However, it was very disconcerting to learn that it was a problem with the dishwasher as delivered... basically a brand-new appliance.  The second problem we were having was with very loud noises during the drain cycle.  We had a tech come out (again on Electrolux's dime) only to find that there was a grape stem in the drain pump.  The tech said he had seen this happen because the filter at the bottom of the tub isn't suffiently tight enough to block items such as grape stems from entering into the dishwasher's plumbing system.  Another troubling discovery.  Recently we have had an Error - 08 show up on the WaveTouch panel which according to the manual says Tactile or touch switch - Control board has verified a switch on the user interface board is bad or shorted.  I called up Electrolux.  Cost to replace?  $375 plus labor.  So basically another $500 must be invested into this dishwasher after just 18 months of you.  I cannot recommend the Electrolux dishwasher.  It looks great, cleans very well, but the build quality is very lacking... avoid! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:44:16	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
28313665	We bought this dishwasher from Lowe's because it was a good price, a good brand (or so we thought), and it matched the stove and fridge we bought at the same time.  I disliked it at first because the racks are poorly designed and hard to stack my dishes in, but I got over it becuase it operated so quietly.  Then after less than 2 months it started making VERY loud noises while running.  It was still under the 1-year warranty so Frigidaire replaced the motor.  Then less than TWO WEEKS after the 1-year warranty expired it started making the same loud noise again.  After 45 minutes on the phone I finally made Frigidaire understand why they should cover the parts and labor for the problem (the motor wasn't even 1 year old since the replacement!).  The repairman came out and said he couldn't find a problem, but when it made the noise again the next day I made a video recording of the noise and he agreed it was the motor again.  When I called Frigidaire to order the replacement part I was told the part was on back order (no ETA and over 500 parts backordered).  I told the repairman this and he agreed that it sounded like the motor manufacturer must have identified a problem with the motor that they were trying to correct.  To my surprise the new motor arrived at my house within a week.  When I called Frgidaire to question it they were confused too because the part is still on backorder.  Now I believe I have recieved an old leftover motor that will have the same problem that the first two have had and will not last another year - but there is nothing I can do at this point....except to write this review in the hopes that it will save someone else the trouble I have had with this dishwasher.  DON'T BUY IT!!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:45:52	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
50688551	We put this on our baby registry to have a way to sterilize the baby's bottles and feeding supplies. In the week we've had it, we've done two loads. You have to play Tetris every time you load to try and figure out how to get the most to fit. It does not dry the dishes at all, so you have to leave the door open and pull out the drawer and let everything air dry. It does fit our space, though it is quite awkward on the countertop and makes it difficult to reach above it to the higher cabinet. We're contemplating sending this back and just using a microwave sterilizer as I can wash and dry dishes in the sink much more efficiently than this thing seems to do. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:45:52	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
74739258	I paid almost $1000 for an all stainless (inside and out) model of the LG - convinced by the salesman at Home Depot that it was the best! the quietest! and so forth.  I was buying all new appliances for my kitchen remodel from them and had purchased all GE Profile all-stainless appliances - range, microwave, frig when I began to seek the GE model I wanted.  Well shame on me because I bought the LG and it never really worked well.  Dishes weren't clean nor were they dry - I would open the door to #34;air dry#34; the dishes - what a waste.  After two years, it started blowing circuits and when I called in my electrician and he pulled out the dw, he discovered the bottom of the dw had rusted/corroded out and had been leaking - mold and all.  The leakage had short circuited the power grid.  LG said it would cost at least $500 to #34;replace#34; the bottom of the dw.  I then asked my local repair service if they would do it and they said they didn't work on LG's anymore because they were too difficult to fix!  I put it out on the curb and bought a new GE stainless for under $400.  My dishes have never been so clean!  In the meantime, just a month or so ago I was in the Home Depot appliance department (going through it to the flooring section) and saw a woman looking at dishwashers.  I greeted her and she asked me which dishwashers would dry the dishes.  She said she'd been looking and her friends had ones that didn't seem to dry well and was afraid to make the wrong choice.  I told her I'd always had GE's and loved them.  In the meantime, the salesman (same one who sold me my dishwasher) sidled over to her and she began asking him questions.  He IMMEDIATELY referred her to the LG and I couldn't resist telling her about my bad experience.  He tried to say he'd never heard a bad thing about LG's and I referred him - and her - to the internet reviews.  He didn't recognize me but I reminded him that I had bought the very expensive LG from him and had regretted it almost from the start.  Shame on me again - why didn't I insist on sending it back? 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:45:52	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
76594123	I bought this dishwasher direct from ABT a few months ago, and I love it.  ABT delivered it, so they took it out of the box and set it up for me.  It was no problem hooking up the faucet adapter.  I live in an older apartment building so the faucet isn't fancy or brand name, and it went right together.  It hooks up easily and cleans very well.  It even has more space inside than the built-in at my old apartment. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:45:52	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
44247855	DON'T BUY IT!  I was smitten with the concept and when Home Depot had a floor model on sale for half price, I jumped on it.  Well, pretty as it is, it did NOT clean dishes!  I had had a Maytag DW for 17 years (very small household) and for 16 years it worked perfectly.  I went again for the Maytag name.  Didn't work!Maytag sent 3 different technicians to check it out, and none of them could find anything wrong with it.  They replaced the rotors just to make sure. I was told maybe my water was too hard (same place as previous 17-year success record with previous DW).  I was told to run a vinegar wash (strange to have to do this after only 2 months but I did it anyway).  I was told to try a different detergent (Cascade gel wasn't good enough?)  I was told to try more detergent, less detergent, blah blah blah.  Whatever I tried, I loaded it sparsely and on average, 2/3 to 3/4 of the dishes came out clean and the remainder were dirty:  spots, dried food, detergent film on dishes and utensils and glasses, coffee stains on mugs, etc.  Even running a second time didn't help - I had to re-wash them by hand!  I have a collapsible vegetable steamer that had dried food stains on it from the Maytag after running it through 2 cycles, and just for fun, I put it in the F-P and it came out sparkling clean!Also, there are no indicators to tell you where you are in the cycle, which took 4+ hours to complete - no heated drying so the fan blows forever.  Even so, I'd take mugs  glasses out and water dripped from the bottoms onto me and my other clean dishes.  You could not program a delayed start any less or more than 6 hours.  The dish racks are not collapsible, the glasses  mugs racks are not adjustible, the overall configuration was very difficult to deal with.  Large bowls and pots?  Fuhgeddaboutit!  Wash them by hand!Finally I got the store to refund my money and pick it up.  I bought a Fisher  Paykel similar model (DD24DCHTX6) online from Home Everything.  It has the following superior features:1)  It cleans the dishes!2)  It's really quiet3)  It has LED display with easy on/off/start/pause and progress indicator icons and timer countdown.  I selected the model with built-in water softener, just in case...4)  The tines of the dish racks are collapsible, the glassware racks are adjustible up  down  out of the way, the utensil rack is more intelligently placed5)  The upper drawer seems to be deeper than the Maytag, so you can truly actually fit your large plates6)  The dish racks are angled so easier to load  secure the dishes, and water can more easily reach everything you've loaded7)  (This really impressed me) There are no little pools of questionable water in the upside-down bottom wells of mugs and stemware that normally drench your nice clean dishes (and you) when you try to remove them.8)  The list price is actually cheaper than the Maytag!Note, the F-P user guide is very comprehensive, while the Maytag was bare-bones.  Note, the F-P clearly indicates that you must use powdered detergent, not liquid.  Nowhere in the Maytag literature did it mention this.  I used liquid gel, I tried dropping a pressed powder cube in the bottom and neither worked well.  (The F-P also states that you should not use the pressed powder cubes in it).All in all, I love the F-P which I've had installed and used every other day for about a week now.  I am so relieved and impressed with its relative performance I pray it continues to do its good job for years to come.  The mfr.'s August delivery  installation allowance gave me a $50 rebate.  So far, I highly recommend the F-P, and don't waste your money on this Maytag!...OK, it's three years later and I am still LOVING my FISHER-PAYKEL double drawer dishwasher :).  I doubt any of these drawer models will clean as well as a standard single-door Bosch but the elimination of shin skins and not having to bend down, push rack back  close door just to get across the room is worth it.  When you load it properly (don't overcrowd, watch that nothing pokes through the basket at the bottom) it cleans just fine.  I use Cascade Complete powder.  The best part is, because the loads are smaller, it takes less effort to load and unload so dishes rotate more frequently, and you can have clean dishes going in one drawer while you're loading the latest meal dishes in the other.  (BTW, I believe Fisher-Paykel, an Australian company, is the company who invented the drawer dishwasher, so they've been doing it the longest.) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:45:52	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
83585730	Works great in my small kitchen until I renovate and install a large one. I like the little window...wash-a-wash-wash. It cleans everything as well as my $450+ valued one at the old house. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:47:37	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
82243653	As dishwashers go, this one does a reasonable job washing dishes.  Good points:--It's quiet--It has some useful adjustments on the racks if you want to fit in large dishesMine has had two bad points:--Within a few weeks of buying it, it would stop with an error code on the front.  This would happen at various points in the cycle.--When I called customer server they really couldn't help much and, in cases were a bit gruff.For what it's worth, I asked the repairman who came what he thought of Frigidaire dishwashers.  His comments weren't positive.  When I mentioned that I had planned to buy a Whirlpool he said he thought that that might have been a better choice. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:47:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
46909197	Very flimsy, plastic parts on the interior, particularly connecting the rack to the rails that slide in an out.  The rack is connected with thin, plastic parts that snap off in short order, making the rack unusable.  Kitchen Aid promotes a 5 year warranty on the racks, but when these flimsy parts fail, Kitchen Aid says they are not part of the rack, but rather part of the arm, and therefore not covered by the warranty.  Kitchen Aid used to have a reputation for quality and reliability.  This product is a piece of junk.  Stay away. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:47:37	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
43712779	We purchased an LG dishwasher approximately three years ago and it has been a nightmare.  Because we were not familiar with the brand we did purchase the extended warranty, which is the only good thing we did when selecting this dishwasher.  We have lost track of how many times the appliance repair people have been to our house trying to fix this machine.  The control panel at the top went out, the water pump broke, and seal leaked and the final straw was leakage that ruined our hardwood floors and the ceiling underneath the kitchen.  We have been unable to get any satisfaction from either the retailer (Home Depot), LG or the extended warranty firm.  After this last leak we are giving up and sending this piece of crap to the town dump.  Our loss - just think long and hard before you purchase an LG product.  BTW, we also have a LG stove that is giving us problems.  A part has been ordered but delivery is not expected before December 23rd (it is now Nov. 30) - that's right, LG does not allow appliance repair folks to stock their parts so all parts must be ordered.  Shoot me now - please. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:47:37	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
65962685	Fairly good peformance so far as others have mentioned.  Here are some comments:- Chincy branding--not that it's so important, but the Edgestar logo is made up of individual stickers that come right off.  Mine was sitting crooked so I just removed them entirely.  (Note: This doesn't seem to reflect on the actual product design--it looks very clean and nice).- Installation took some work for me.  The manual could've used a little more detail by including more helpful pictures/diagrams and by stating instructions more clearly.- I decided to go the permanent connection route by sharing the water supply with my washing machine (via a Y-adapter).  The male connector that's supposed to connect to the water supply didn't seem standard.  Instead, it seemed like it was somewhere between 3/8 and 1/2.  I took the hose to my local hardware store to find an adapter that would make it fit a standard 3/4 faucet, but was unsuccessful even with the help of some folks there.  So I decided to purchase some washing machine tubing with 3/4 male connectors on both ends--this size would fit both the water supply and the dishwasher.  I used threading tape and rubber washers to make it a tight fit.- There are some large spaces in the dish rack bottom where smaller items can fall through.  I imagine because of it's compact size, Edgestar made the rack to fit a pretty specific configuration in order to fit standard plates.  It's not that you can't do a load of all cups but you just need to be careful to position things properly.- The front door window is a neat feature but I'm not exactly sure how it's useful.  Maybe to see if things have fallen through the rack?  If you've got nothing better to do, grab some popcorn and enjoy the show.  Oh, and get a flashlight because it's dark in there.- The Hot-Wash feature which raises the temp to around 150 F is supposed to help with drying.  After doing an overnight wash, I opened the dishwasher to find lots of condensation and water droplets.  I'm gonna do some more research into this...It's not perfect, but it does an excellent job with it's primary purpose--washing the dishes.  Looking forward to doing the dishes tonight! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:47:37	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
48153179	I love this dishwasher! After moving from a large house to a one-bedroom apartment, I was sure I'd have to get used to washing dishes by hand again. Not true! My partner bought the Danby, and it's been terrific. Works just as good as a full-sized dishwasher with the only difference being the size of the load it can handle. I even wash my Pyrex oven pans in it after making lasagne.As for the comments that it's bigger than it looks - there's no way a photo on the internet can give any idea what size an object is. I don't understand how anyone would buy such an appliance without noting the dimensions and actually measuring their counter space and clearence. We measured, made sure there was enough room on the counter and under out kitchen cabinets, and that the space was close to both the sink and an electrical outlet. When the Danby arrived we literally took it out of the box, slipped it into the space, and washed our first load of dishes within tweny minutes.A great product I would highly recommend to anyone. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:49:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
83032869	We bought this and then returned it before it was even delivered.  So, not sure how this works, look at other reviews. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:49:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No	not an actual review	false
20908840	I thought my last d/w was a piece of c**p but this one takes the cake. For example, I'd scrubbed some mugs with cleanser to get out tea stains, before putting them in the d/w.  After the full cycle including Hi Temp optional pre-wash, the cleanser was STILL CLINGING TO THE INSIDES OF THE MUGS.  I pretty much have to completely clean everything before putting it in this d/w.  I used to joke that all it provided was a rinse, but now I see, it doesn't even do that.  Complete rip-off.  If I could give it negative points, I would. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:49:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
86398893	Do not buy.  I bought one and about 6 mo after purchasing it, the buttons stopped working.  It also never fully drains the water out so now you have old stale water sitting in the bottom for the next wash.  Avoid Maytag.  I should have read the comments on google before buying. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:49:19	Performance Defect		Button Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
71112672	We've been renting homes for the past six or so years and had yet to have a dishwasher. This Danby portable is, without a doubt, the most important household purchase we've made in those six years. It's everything that's good and bad about dishwashers in a format that can be added to an old kitchen where you either can't or don't want to install a standard dishwasher.The only downside (and it's quite minor) is that the manual is lacking. All of the core info is there, but it seems to have been written for a standard model and so there's not much info on the faucet hookup and other functions like the salt system.Special tip: Do some research on the best brand and type of dishwashing detergent to use through something like Consumer Reports. Due to recent changes to environmental laws, the formulas for dishwashing detergents have all been reconfigured and not all brands work as well as others. You'll love this dishwasher a lot more if you have an effective brand of detergent. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:49:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76577573	We have an apartment in the city but we cook like people with a professional kitchen. I got really tired of dishes and our landlord didn't let us get a built-in.It is larger than you might think. It barely fit under the upper cabinet edge. There are some limitations to dishwashers so as long as you follow the rules, this one works beautifully. I make sure to turn off the water supply after the cycle finishes. Once a week or so, I wash out the filter (it unscrews from the bottom inside), even if there isn't something visible...to help remove residue.I don't put items that are full of food into it. in other words scrape your plates (duh). I can fit 1 or 2 pots into it also, helps get them squeaky clean but they are arranged correctly so that the water can move around. My biggest dinner plates have to go in at an angle and therefore cannot wash a lot of these at once. If that is something you need to do regularly, I would take that into consideration. We are mostly a small household at my place. Once in a while, you can clean out the build-up...I start an empty wash with a 1/3 cup of vinegar and a packet of lemon kool-aid or you could use lemon juice I guess.I use the powdered cascade total (the one that has rinse aid included). My dishes are spotless and literally squeaky clean. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:50:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
51716697	This is the third Whirlpool dishwasher that I have had fail in the last 3 years!  This one failed exactly one month after the warranty expired (Whirlpool didn't even consider extended a courtesy to a loyal customer), the one before that lasted 2 years, the one before that 10 years.Whirpool seems to be in a steep decline in overall quality. I manage rental units and repair/replace dishwashers and appliances all the time, but these newest Whirlpool models are unsatisfactory and unreliable. The no frills, cheap off-brand dishwashers last far longer with no problems.For years Whirlpool was my #34;go to#34; brand for major appliances, but after this series of failures I will be looking for a more reliable brand. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:50:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59364108	This is the worst dishwasher I have ever owned--it is always broken. Unless you enjoy washing dishes by hand, do not buy an electrolux dishwasher. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:50:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
37685596	As usual, I spent a whole lot of time looking for a replacement dishwasher. Looked at a lot of models, and narrowed the choices down to models from Whirlpool, Bosch and KitchenAid.The high end Bosch and Kitchenaid models were great - read nothing but good things (for the most part) about their performance, and they are very, very quiet. But, cost was a factor, and I just couldn't see paying more than one grand for a dishwasher (and some are a LOT more than a grand!).Looked into Whirlpool since they get excellent reliability ratings from the consumer magazine. This model caught my eye since it offered a fully-integrated panel (i.e., the controls are hidden) and some nice convenience features. So far, it has been a top-notch performer.The potscrubber feature works very well, and is identical to the one on the Kitchenaid (not unexpected, since Whirlpool owns Kitchenaid). Love the movable cutlery basket! You can hang it on the door for more room, or put it on the front or side of the lower tray. If loaded properly, silverware comes out clean no matter where you put the basket. If, however, you tend to just toss in forks and spoons and not arrange them, you'll want to put the basket on the lower rack so it gets more direct spray time.The interior is light gray with a tile-type pattern. It's plastic, so it's not as fancy looking as stainless. But, I care more about what the dishwasher looks like from the outside, and the stainless steel outside looks great. It also has a unique feature among hidden control models in that the steam vent is on the front of the machine, and not the top. That's important to keep the steam from hitting the bottom of your counters. Can't figure out why everyone else doesn't do it that way.Many different cycles to choose from including regular, adaptive (which uses sensors to figure out what to do), high temp and sanitary rinse. Lots of nice little touches, such as foldable tines and clips to hold light plastic items so they don't flip over during the wash cycle.Noise levels are very low. No, it is not as whisper quiet as a higher end machine, but the sound level is not at all objectionable.Excellent value - lots of features, works well, looks great, holds a boat-load of dishes, and has lots of convenience features. Can't ask for more than that!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Update June 2010: It's been a year since I've had this, and I'm still 100% satisfied with the machine. I run about 2-3 loads per week and so far I've not had one item not come out perfectly clean. I use an enzyme-based detergent and the rinse-aid. Settings that work for me are adaptive wash with the high-temp option.I usually run the machine after dinner and then unload it the next morning. To save on electricity, I don't use the heated dry. I find that dishes come out completely dry, but plastic items are sometimes damp, especially if it's humid out. Usually the plastic is not damp enough to warrant a towel dry except for a few pieces that I have with a recessed base - enough water collects in the indentation to warrant a quick pass with a towel before putting it back into the shelf.I've tried the sanitizing rinse and that does help dry items a little bit better. I tend to use that only when I have really greasy dishes and want an extra high temp rinse to ensure all grease is gone.Zero mechanical problems so far. Hope this keeps up!&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;Update March 2012:  Working as good as the day I bought it. Very pleased! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:50:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
18900964	I am extremely disappointed in my Whirlpool dishwasher because it doesn't clean my dishes. There are at least two pieces that need to be rewashed after every cycle, and the rest of them aren't exactly what I would call sparkling clean. I've changed detergents and I rinse most of my dishes before they go in. Shortly after I purchased my dishwasher, I had a repairman in to work on another appliance. He could tell from the sound of the dishwasher that there was a problem with the rinse cycle, so he ordered and replaced that part. It seemed better for a few months, but now the dishes are just unacceptable, even when it's only about 1/3 full. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:50:43	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
69411090	I ordered this from Amazon and it arrived today. I decided on this model specifically because I could get a great deal on shipping via Amazon prime. But I wanted to answer a couple of questions that I had before buying the item that I didn't really see answered anywhere else. Hopefully this helps some people.-This unit is great for singles or possibly even couples. I am single but love to cook, I also work a full time job and am going to school full time, so spending 20-30 minutes (Because I let them overflow) a few times per week doing dishes by hand is just impracticable. I was a little worried about what you can actually fit in it, and I don't know what the heck a place setting is, so here is what I could fit in it in one load: One large Frying pan, One Medium Sauce Pan, A couple large drinking glasses, a standard dinner plate (I am guessing 10.5?), a couple of small plastic containers, and a few cooking utensils. I was able to make these all fit by removing the cutlery basket - I figure that I have enough forks/spoons to save them for the next time. So there is a practical expectation of what you can fit. It seemed to clean all of that stuff very good on the normal setting. If I was having company over I may have to run two separate loads, one for pots  pans and one for plates, bowls, glasses, etc.- I am fairly impressed with the quality of this unit. I was a little worried that this would be more of a toy or a novelty item, but it really does work great. It works exactly the same way as a full sized dish washer does, just on a smaller scale. The faucet hookup makes it flexible and easy to install. It was very easy, it took me about 5-10 minutes until everything was up and running.-The size is bigger than I was expecting, I will admit I had assumed that I had plenty of space and didn't measure - Luckily I have about a 1/2 Inch of clearance from under my cabinets and about an inch on every other side - It was a really tight fit, you should not be stupid like me and measure before purchasing.-The unit is pretty loud, pretty comparable with a standard dish washer, I would guess that they have less room for sound dampening with the smaller size. It doesn't bother me but it is something to keep in mind for small apartments if you have sensitive neighbors.Just some other tid-bits:-Unlike some models I looked at, this unit has a drain pump instead of draining via gravity, so in theory you might be able to put this at a lower level than your sink, like under your cabinets. I haven't tried that, but the drain water does come out with substantial pressure.-It comes with the quick connect faucet connector for hooking your drain/input hoses all together. It also has a separate drain hose for permanent installation, the manual says that you will have to supply your own input hose though for permanent installation.-This unit uses a dumping method for the detergent. You put the detergent in an indent on the door and it dumps it when you close it. So there is no sort of Pre Rinse or anything.-It seems to handle pausing the cycle pretty good. Even pausing the unit in the middle of draining doesn't phase it at all. Nice for me because I frequently forget to put things in until the wash cycle is halfway done.-It does have a spot on the door for putting Rinse Agents in (Like Jet Dry, etc), which should help with drying. A nice addition!-Speaking of drying, the unit doesn't seem to have any sort of air or steam drying or anything. It just sits for 15-20 minutes after the rinse cycle and waits for the water to evaporate to dry the dishes. Works great for glasses, plates, pans, etc. Not so great for plastic, which doesn't retain heat as good, but this seems like the case with a lot of dish washers, I can deal with it.-The unit claims to use a max of 1280 watts (1200 for the heating element), and 2.5 Gallons of water per cycle. The Normal Cycle lasts 90 minutes, and the Heavy cycle lasts about 120 Minutes, Light is around 40 minutes.All in all, I am very satisfied with the unit, and the awesome deal on Amazon prime shipping. I also purchased the 3 Year Squaretrade warranty just in case. I have no worries that I will need it, but I have heard that these portable units in general are prone to leaking. Again, I am not concerned about THIS particular model, but the additional warranty was just about $20 or so and I have heard great things about Squaretrade. I would definitely recommend this to any singles/couples stuck in an apartment without a dishwasher, and sick of tired of doing them by hand.I will update this review if anything changes.***3 Week Update***I am STILL very pleased with the unit, it has saved me so much time. It is definitely holding up fine, and once you learn how to pack things in there you can easily fit MORE than I had posted in the original review. I am also impressed as you are able to fit full sized cookie sheets and pizza pans in it (Just put them on the very top).After using it for about a month, I would recommend as a tip that you use the Gel detergents over the powdered detergents, as I have noticed that sometimes the powdered detergent can leave residue on the dried dishes. It just seems like the gel detergent mixes better.Other than that, I still recommend this. Of course I will update it if anything else happens. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:51:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
44717993	I converted this dishwasher for use as a permanent fixture. It does a good job cleaning the dishes and the size works for my family of 4 (just have to hand wash the larger dishes). It does take a long time, but it uses less than a sink-full of water the entire time. Before I hard-piped the dishwasher, I used the attachment for the sink and found that it leaked when the dishwasher wasn't calling for water (which is most of the time). Not major deal, but you wouldn't want to leave it over night. I would have given it less stars, but since I modified mine, it isn't an issue for me. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:51:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
39590597	This dishwasher gets your dishes clean the first time around on the normal setting.  The filter is much easier to clean than in conventional dishwashers and since it sits on your counter, it saves your back.My only gripe, is that it is a little to short to hold my plates upright or even slightly slanted.  I have to put my plates at a heavy angle and because of this, I can only wash about three dinner plates at a time.Perhaps my plates are larger than others.  I am on the search for some smaller plates to get rid of this issue.  It would be worth it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:51:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
49779678	I bought this dishwasher to install in my motor home.  Space was a major issue and this was one of the few that would fit.  Loading plates, glasses, and flatware is very easy.  Odd items like bowls or baking dishes are much more difficult to fit well.Pros:Washes very wellLow water usageFlexible loading optionsQuietLocking drawer (locks when RV is underway)Cons:Long cycle timesFilter has to be cleanedSmall capacity compared to full sized unitsInstallation was very easy.  Cabinet preparation was the bulk of the work.  Once the cabinet was ready it slid right in and the connections made. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:51:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
31076651	The machine worked briefly. Within a month the back hose connections began to leak. Next instead of opening and releasing the detergent during the wash cycle, the soap dispenser remained closed, making it a rinsing machine rather than a dish washer. As has been pointed out, the 6 place settings-fitting is a false estimate. The rack is badly designed. The manual is abysmal. The appearance is decent. As a paperweight it's awesome. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:51:43	Performance Defect		Hose Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
73142814	We bought this dishwasher because our other one had a fork drop in the basin and the process of heating the dishes heated the fork enough to put a hole in the tub.  We decided we would need a sturdier tub so we bought a stainless steel one.  I initially liked the idea of the adjustable rack and the pro scrub action but when I arrived home found that I never needed either of those features.We had the dishwasher home 3 months and it started running when the door was open, if a button was accidentally pushed.  We had a couple of water on the floor incidents until I realized what was happening.  We learned to get around it then a month later the top rack broke.  The dishwasher was still under warranty so we called out a technician.  He repaired the rack, fixed the problem of running with door open (replaced latch), and I forgot it just wasn't cleaning well.  He ended up having to replace the broken disposal.Since then, we've had no problems with the latch or the disposal, but the shelves are horrible.  My bottom shelf has slowly lost all of the wheels but we still guide it out.  (It's 2 years old now, by the way.)  But the worst problem is the top shelf.  We have learned to fix it ourselves, but it occurs on alternate sides about every 3 months.We paid more money thinking we were getting a quality dishwasher.  The plastic parts on this are awful!  I almost feel like it was done on purpose so they could continue making money on customers.  One of the clips that is about 1 by 1 inch commonly breaks and if you don't notice in time the whole side ends up breaking.  The clip is $20 plus and the other part is about $15 and both parts needed for repair are commonly on back order.  Luckily we have a store that sells the parts and my husband has learned right where they are kept.Our latest fix which I'm sure will be more permanent than the parts themselves includes numerous zip ties holding the top rack on.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS MACHINE!!!!  This is not a quality dishwasher and just this one appliance and having to deal with Kitchenaid customer service on a regular basis has led me to the conclusion that I will not buy Kitchenaid ever again. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:53:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42587559	This dishwasher did not work. We tried different kinds of dishwasher soap thinking that was the problem but nothing worked. It also took 3-4 hours to do one load of dishes. TERRIBLE!!!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:53:04	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
42925972	I am so happy to have a dishwasher again. This little buddy is totally worth the money.My roommates are filthy pigs and always leave the dishes for me to clean. Now, I don't really mind and I know they are getting sparkling clean.It's a gem. I'm so happy with it. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:53:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
76962730	Our dishwasher arrived wet, dirty and with a crack on the bottom facing.  I ran a test load to check if it worked properly and it did.  We called amazon and their only option was to re-box a 122 pound item and send it back or keep a damaged item and pay full price.  If you have ever unloaded an item like this you know how hard it is to repackage so I'm not going through that.  I'm really unhappy at this point.  Just be aware if you order this item you may be in for the same headache.  I wouldn't order anything big from amazon.  Period. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:53:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
84806205	I didn't buy this dishwasher from Amazon, but I do own it. I bought it to replace an older 18 inch model that was on its way out. So far, I am quite pleased with it.This is a basic dishwasher with standard racks, a bottom spray arm for the lower rack, and a tower spray for the upper rack. The system washes well, given a good detergent (Finish tabs in my case), proper loading, and reasonably well-scraped dishes. I scrape everything out with a silicone spatula before loading, and everything comes out clean with no food residue on anything.Despite being basic, the dishwasher has all the cycles most people need. There is Normal for everyday dishes, Light for dishes that have been rinsed, Pots and Pans for heavier soils. There is also a Hot Start option that does a couple of extra fills to preheat the wash water for the main cycles, and a rinse only feature for partial loads so they don't go rancid before the dishwasher is filled. Water usage is around 7 gallons for a normal cycle.The standard racks are convenient enough for standard dishes. I sent some plastic iced tea tumblers to the charity shop because they were too tall for the top rack. No big deal to me, but you might want to consider your dish size and check a model out in person before ordering if you have odd shaped, sized dishes. The bottom rack is fine for all except the largest pots and pans, which are more difficult to load because of the spray tower coming through the center of the rack. Overall capacity is 12 place settings, but 10 place settings is a more realistic estimate for average dishes.Drying with the standard drying setting (which is now no heat drying) is mediocre. Be prepared to prop the door open and let dry overnight, or use the heated dry option. As far as noise is concerned, it's not quiet like the Euro models, but it's not noisy enough to interfere with a phone conversation either. There are the typical spraying sounds, some clunks and clicks when water valves open and close, and when the dispensers operate. That doesn't bother me, but it may be too noisy for someone who values silent operation. Cycle time is typical at about two hours, give or take. Runs twice as long as the old models, but it gets the dishes cleaner and uses half the water. That's a good tradeoff for me.Please note...the last reviewer is correct about detergent remaining in the dispenser cup at times. I solved this problem with the manual's help. Anything too large or tall placed in the front right corner will hamper dispenser operation.  I haven't had a problem since.Overall, I am very pleased with this particular dishwasher. If you do some research online, you will often be able to get a very good deal on this model. It's GE's entry level model, and can be had for less than most. That being said, if you can live with a little noise and non-adjustable racks, it's a great machine. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:53:04	No Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	No		false
90595226	We bought the gold version as we were told it was very quite.  Not so.The unit works great except for the noise.We had a Bosch before. No comparison.  You could barely hear the Bosch. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:54:14	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
26887838	We have always had Kenmore appliances and were mostly very pleased.  We built a new house and I wanted upscale appliances.  I told our appliance salesperson I wanted a dishwasher that would not give me a moment's trouble and I didn't want to hear it running.  I have been very happy for 4 years.....then a part basically fell part because, according to the repairman, I have been using too much detergent!  I use the pre-packaged, plastic enclosed, pre-measured Cascade packets.  He also said not to use gel detergent, although the dishwasher control panel has a selection for either gel or 2-in1 tabs (I think the tabs are a Miele product they want you to buy).  Also, had to wait ONE WEEK for repairman to come in.  Husband ordered part (because of course repairman didn't have one) and had it over-nighted to avoid divorce proceedings.  I want my Kenmore back. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:54:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
72792334	I love this dishwasher. It works great and I love how it is on wheels and I can move it out of the way when I am not using it. It did come kinda scratched up a bit, but other than that, great product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:54:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
54881278	I've had this dishwasher for 2 months now.* It does not clean dishes very well, even on strong spray setting. I have to rewash many from each cycle. Nothing ever comes out feeling very clean, even with a rinse agent added.* The rinse/dry cycle consistently emits a smell of scorching plastic. I placed a service call and am having to wait THREE WEEKS for service.* The placement of the tines in both upper and lower racks makes it very difficult to load anything except cups and plates. When you push the upper rack in without a full load, the glasses tip over and break.* The lower rack jams when I push it in, so I have to physicallhy lift it up and jiggle it back and forth before pushing it in.* The machine has a loud chime when the load is finished washing that you cannot turn off. Because we can hear the chime from our bedroom, we can't wash a load of dishes at night without the ending chime waking us up.* Calls to LG for help result in long, long wait times with obnoxious musak.We hate this dishwasher and I am in the process of trying to get Home Depot to take it back. Our old Maytag did a far better job for half the price. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:54:14	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77797075	this dishwasher is great! cleans really good! does not smell!and is very quiet!!  drys about 99 percent of dishes! but no dishwasher drys 100 percent everything! especially crevices on temperware. i know someone that has a fisher and paykel dishwasher at 2200.00$ and that doesnt try 100 percent all the dishes either.so trust me, this dishwasher is great for Under a thousand dollars!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:54:14	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
69093669	Our Kitchenaid dishwasher died on Thanksgiving when we had 12 people over. I vowed never to have this problem again and bought what I thought was the best dishwasher available. This $900 Bosch died 3 weeks after installation on the day our company arrived for Christmas! It has been dead a week and we can not get anyone to fix it (bought at Pacific Sales) even though we bought a 3 yr maintenance agreement.DONT GO NEAR IT! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:55:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
77467149	Fits under the cabinets, never had a leaking problem, and kept me from doing a billion dishes by hand.  I like the fact that my dishes are sanitized in hot soapy water that rinses clear and not the sink water with residue from the other dishes washed.  Would recommend. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:55:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62458064	This dishwasher worked fine for 2 years. It then stopped working and I was told I needed to buy a new electronic panel and touch panel. The installation company charged me to tell me it was broken, and they did not stand behind their product because Whirlpool made it, take it up with them. I then ordered the part from Whirlpool and tried to cancel it two minutes later and they would not let me cancel the order. They also said that they take no returns. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:55:45	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
86207723	Just got this installed.  Very quiet, cleans well, tall tub fits anything large.  Very well made.  Satisfied   happy with it.  Got it at Sears.Would buy again.Great machine!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:55:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
27961437	I absolutely LOVE my countertop dishwasher. It is quieter than I thought it would be after reading others reviews. All my dishes fit nicely since I never wash my pots and pans in dishwasher any way. I would and have told others to buy this.  Our duplex is very small and I have very minimal counter space but this is so worth it to me. So worth the cost. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:55:45	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
29753177	Agree with all the other reviews. For the price this should be a great machine; save your money  purchase a $300 dishwasher which will most likely perform better. KitchenAid should be ashamed of this unit. It does not clean, it is noisy  the drawer design does not allow for any reasonable dish placement. I see a class action lawsuit coming.  It's simply atrocious for the dollar. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:56:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
2340680	You cant beat it for the price. Period. I have had dishwashers all over the place - I've used Bosch, Whirlpool, no-names, whatever - used it, been there, done that.It is extremely difficult to find a dishwasher sub $300 that does a good job. Its just the truth. The cheap, lower end built-ins usually are sub-par and break down after about a year.- Stainless steel interior. One reason why I chose this was because you cannot argue with stainless steel, which will never absorb anything quite like plastic.- Price point below $300 - you cannot do better with this price.- Small kitchen footprint and small electrical cost and even smaller water usage - barely uses or needs any water because it is a smaller unit. For 1-2 people, this dishwasher is perfect.- you can load an amazing amount of dishes in. such a small dishwasher. I also mixed up the locations of the dishes and was still pleased with.how they turned out.You can also hook this unit up permanently which I did - the intake hose opening is standard dishwasher and luckily I had 3/8 OD on my pipes so just a 3/8OD T and 5 ft tube (I replaced with metal for hot water) and then put the out under my sink after cutting some PVC - about $35 all said and done, and I don't have to hook or unhook it anymore.So I tested the unit - unscrubbed dishes, no prewashing: dishes coated in alfredo sauce, dishes coated in chili oil - and on the 'many dishes' (heavy?) setting they got them all perfectly clean.Slight problems that others have noted:the drying cycle takes forever. I just open it up, and they dry spotless. No problems here.The dishwashing cycle takes about 2 hours. Whatever, at least I'm not washing them?Will update the review if there is interest in a few months. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:56:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
35947919	We can't stop a yucky grainy residue on our dishes--we've tried everything.  I've tried to contact the company (it was in our house when we bought it so we don't know the original store).  Their phone number is disconnected, their US website off-line, they don't answer their e-mail and they have no US or Canada address!  Since they're out of Turkey, this is a problem. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:56:28	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
37556954	I purchased this in 2012. I was REALLY hesitant to purchase it but figured I would splurge due to how much I hate doing dishes and I live in an old house with nowhere to put a real washer.After a few years and hundreds of loads I am still thrilled with this purchase. It works flawlessly and cleans very well. I use finish powerball tabs with it, and have since first purchased. I cram more than I should into this thing, and it almost always leaves everything spotless. Even the inside of the washer is still clean.I have never intended on reviewing an item but wanted to let others know just how good this is. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:56:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
79121293	This is my second Danby.  The first dishwasher I used for 7 years and it worked great.  The newer model is very easy to use and cleans the dishes great.  My only problem is the bowls.  I've tried at least  10 different shapes of bowls and as of yet, I haven't found one that fits. Otherwise very good machine and great if a large dishwasher won't fit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:56:28	No Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	No		false
17776060	was it worth the price? yes, but then i am a lazy, lazy man.things it will clean well:ceramics, glassware, not much else. if you have dinnerware made out of the right materials, this is the right dishwasher for you.great unit, easy to install, leak free. very, very noisy, though it could be worse.if you wash bowls in there, don't expect anything else to get clean, the bowls will block the water from hitting anything else. do them in a seperate cycle.if you drink lots of tea like i do, make sure you hand wash off the cups first, or else the leftover bits won't get cleaned offdon't put cheap flatware in there, it will eat them alive (but then, that can be said of anything that is cheaply made being in a dishwasher) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:57:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
75908390	This usually cleans well and is so quiet you can't hear it when it's on.But I've experienced the following serious problems and design flaws that make this product unsatisfactory.1. One of the wash modes never finishes. It'll stop and say there's 1 minute left.2. Sometimes all of the water doesn't drain.3. It's very easy to accidentally start the washer. For instance if you lean on the countertop while you're doing something your body might depress the start button. This has happened to me about 20 times now.4. The door doesn't lock when the washer's on. If you open it while it's on you'll get squirted for a second before it stops.5. 3 and 4 above often occur together since you don't expect the washer to be on.6. Occasionally there will be some residual detergent will be left on the dishes.7. It doesn't always dry completely and there's no dry-only mode, so you're stuck with partially dry dishes. The electronic controls are a setback compared to the old mechanical knob style timers that allowed you to turn the knob back to dry (or rinse if you still see some detergent on your dishes). 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:57:23	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
59364107	This dishwasher was very expensive when I purchased it (over $1000) and it has been nothing but problems for 2 years. It is true that it is quiet--actually silent because it rarely works. It reads alert at least every other month and will not operate. Each time, I have to wait days for a technician to clear the electrical board--and have to pay for service calls. I made a huge mistake purchasing this dishwasher. Do not get this dishwasher. You will be sorry. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:57:23	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
80840286	I am a sixth year physics graduate student.  I wish I had known a countertop dishwasher existed sooner!  I actually do my dishes now!  This would have been a Godsend when I was preparing for my qualifying exam, and I will love having it as I'm writing up my thesis.  Mainly it gets 4 stars because it exists and there seem to be few competitors - I do have some complaints about the design.So far I have had no problems using it.  It is a cheap, old-style dishwasher - unlike the newest, coolest full sized dishwashers, it is not good at getting chunks of food off and you need to rinse dishes thoroughly before you run it.  Nothing that is not water-soluble should be left on the dishes when you put the dishes in or else it will end up on the clean dishes.  This isn't so much a design flaw as a feature of a cheap, simple dishwasher.Here are the design flaws:1.  The hose to connect the dishwasher to the sink is shorter than I would like (4.5 feet) and starts on the right side of the dishwasher in the back.  4.5' would sound like enough, but if you want the dish washer on the right side of the sink, you have 2.5 ' of hose left, roughly, which means it has to be within about 18 of the right side of the sink.  (You need some slack on the hose because it has to hang below the sink without much tension.)  You can't put it on a counter across from the sink and you can't tuck it in an out of the way place which is not within about 18 of the sink.  You couldn't put it under most sinks, for instance.  If you can't put it within 18 to the right of your sink or about 2.5' to the left of the sink, you should seriously consider getting a cart to put it on so you can roll it up to the sink when you're using it.  This is a serious concern if you're in a small, quirky apartment.  (If anyone from Danby is reading this, it would be really nice if one could buy an alternate, longer hose - maybe 8-10' - instead of the default hose to help fit this thing in a weird space.)2.  You can't tell what part of the cycle the dishwasher is in.  This means you have no clue how much longer it has to go or if it is in a part of the cycle that can be skipped.  It seems to take a long time and if there's a drying cycle I'd like to turn it off sooner.3.  The on switch and the delay switch are not easily distinguishable and don't follow any conventions for what these switches should look like.  The on switch does not look like an on switch, so I often confuse them.4.  The name of the cycles on the display doesn't make any logical sense.  They are named P1, P2, P3, and P4.  The only way to tell whether you're on the short cycle or the long cycle or the energy saving cycle is to read the manual to figure out what on Earth P1, P2, P3, and P4 mean.5.  The water does not drain out of the bottom of the dishwasher very well at the end of the cycle.6.  At the end of the cycle when the water drains, it is very loud.  I live in a small one bedroom apartment and if I turn it on before bed it wakes me up when it is done, even though I have been known to sleep through smoke detectors and freight trains passing nearby.  It's no problem when I'm awake and it's not loud enough to bother the neighbors since it's not a noise that carries and the noisy part is very short, but it's loud if you're within 40 feet.  (A detachable hose on the bottom of water outlet would help dampen the noise.)So I would get this dishwasher again and I love it, but I think the engineers have some work to do.  If you're going to get this, you should get out a measuring tape and make sure it fits where you want it and really plan how it fits. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:57:23	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
28531893	I got one and it flooded out my house. because the water Gage would not shut off and kept filing up. after 2 months,some detergents build up inside the dishwasher also food builds up inside because there is no garbage disposal built in....... my Review 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:57:23	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
35791190	I really really don't like washing dishes, so I thought investing in one of these would be worth it. It really does clean the dishes well! It is fairly quiet and easy to hook up, turn on, and forget about it for a couple hours. My only complaint would be that it doesn't hold as many big pots and pans but of course it is a counter model so that's to be expected. Overall very happy not having to hand wash mountains of dishes! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:58:40	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
62777829	My review is for a Whirlpool Gold Series dishwasher, but it might not be this exact model.My Whirlpool Gold Series dishwasher does not clean dishes.  I have tried several detergents and have used the heavy soil setting, but it consistently fails to remove food; it even failed, on my last load, to remove the coffee stain from a recently used coffee mug.  I have to clean my dishes by hand before I load the dishwasher, which I now use as a high-temperature sanitizer.Update: When we bought this dishwasher, we bought a service contract.  (I know, they are usually a waste of money.)  This dishwasher has needed so many repairs that we have hit the maximum contract benefit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:58:40	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62030127	Loved the Danby, but there's a crucial design flaw.  We had a burning smell for a month that we couldn't pinpoint, and it turned out that it was from our Danby.  Thankfully we caught it before it caught our house on fire, but on the last wash wisp-like burnt plastic started floating in the air and around the Danby, and settled in front of it.  Very dangerous. If you research online you'll find others who have had similar fire problems.  Obviously they should be recalling all their countertop dishwasher products, don't know why they haven't yet. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:58:40	Safety Defect		Other Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
23668647	The Samsung Dishwasher Does not clean, it worked fine for the first few months and that was it, we have nothing but headache, stay away from Samsung dishwashers. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:58:40	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
9171793	This is a defective model with known pump failure issues.  LG tried to correct by inserting a new type of filter, but that effort also failed.  Buyer beware. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 06:58:40	Performance Defect		Pump Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
67036252	FISHER  PAYKEL FIRE HAZARD BEWARENO CUSTOMER SERVICEIn 2004, we purchased a two drawer Fisher  Paykel dishwasher. By 2009, we had six service calls and had invested enough in repair costs to purchase a second machine.  I asked FP to declare the machine a lemon and replace it.  There position was wait to see what happens next.  So, earlier this year, my wife and I were sitting in the kitchen at our breakfast table and started to smell smoke.  The dishwasher had turned itself on, then off, then on and the kitchen filled with smoke.  My wife was yelling about sparks flying out of the bottom of the machine as I was racing for the circuit breaker panel to shut the electrical source off.  By the time I returned, the bottom floor in our 5,000 sq.ft. home was full of smoke and my wife was opening doors and windows to vent the place.I immediately called FP customer service and was asked to send pictures of what caught on fire [shorted out].  I pulled out the bottom drawer to find that water had accumulated in the bottom of the machine.  Apparently, one of the lids on one of the tubs did not close fully and water had escaped.  There is no fault switch in the FP design that prevents the machine from running if the lid is not secure. After pulling the tub, I took pictures of the central electrical union box in the rear of the machine that was burned with ash having contaminated the standing water.I advised FP that there was at least a design defect, the machine was a hazard and, at a minimum we were entitled to a new machine.  You ask why I would ask for another one of these hazards?  Well, my wife loved the two draws and I vowed not to leave the house without turning off the circuit breaker.  FP said NO to my request.  If we wanted another machine we would simply pay retail.  FP had a three year warranty special running and I negotiated a $650 purchase price for their latest model.  Big, deal.  We could have purchased a reliable standard American machine for less. BUT, it would not have two drawers.  So, if I did not have a wife in love with the two drawers I would boycott Fisher  Paykel dishwashers.  Oh yes, for those who think that other manufacturer's two drawer dishwashers are an option you need to check out the uniformly negative reviews for the other manufacturers.  My recommendation is to stick with the standard one drawer model of KitchenAid. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:00:07	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
68359204	I purchased this 24 months ago and intentionally waited prior to writing a review so I would have had ample run time on the machine.When my dishwasher died suddenly I replaced it quickly without doing all my usual research. If I had, I probably would not have gotten this one.  That said, I do like it but would prefer the next level up for additional features.  Installation was very easy and doable by your average home handyman.  Everything needed was included and for once I did not need to run to Home Depot for anything.PROiexcl;s:* Extremely quiet, so much so I had to check the first couple of uses to make sure it was actually working!  It is so quiet, the delay wash feature really is not necessary.* Cleaning ability is good but not the best I have seen.  With no disposal itiexcl;s best to pre-rinse well (although this is always a good thing to do with any machine).  Most dried on food washed away but not as well as I would like but it does pretty good (prior washer did better).  Top rack cleaning is excellent.* Simple easy to use controls.  Remembers most settings after a power outage.* No problems with operation after 24 months of use.  Insides look as nice and clean as the day I brought it, racks so no signs of age, door seal still feels like new with no discoloration.* Have had no signs of the major problems other reviewers have mentioned.* Food catch screen is easy to remove and clean.* Care and Maintenance, as called for in the manual, is easy to perform.  The guide states iexcl;During normal use, the filter system is self-cleaning. This to work well, I have observed only a very minor build up on the iexcl;micro filteriexcl; during my 2ed yearly maintenance.* No iexcl;delicateiexcl; cycle for your fine china.* Full cycle takes a long time. The useriexcl;s manual shows ~2.5 hours for Auto Wash with Sanitize, my experience is ~3+ hours.  NOTE- this is likely due to my low inlet water temp.* Does not completely dry dishes.* Top rack wire arrangement seems off. By this I mean my glasses and other top rack items do not fit well and as a result sometimes tend to move around, strange, maybe I need metric glass ware ().  Bottom rack layout works fine. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:00:07	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
43076047	This is the first dishwasher I've ever owned, and it makes my life so much better! It's easy to use and does a great job. I use a rinsing agent, and my glassware just sparkles. It takes a while to run through the cycles, but while it's running, I'm running, too - running around doing things other than washing dishes!One FYI (from another commentor, praise her name); the adapter for the spigot is actually IN the plastic nozzle thingie. It's not packaged separately. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:00:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
66864028	Where we live our sink is a bit on the low side for me even though I'm only 5' 5. Until now I WAS the dish washer and doing dishes left me with neck, shoulder and back pain. my Husband is not a dish washing fan so when it got to be a bit much I decided to look Into a countertop dish washer. I did a lot of research and finally decided on this model from SPT. I have never been so happy to do dishes! It's at a perfect height to load and unload without stooping, or bending and it was a snap to hook up! The only thing that I didn't like was that I thought I was ready to wash dishes right away but did not have a rinse agent which is required to run most of the cycles. A quick trip to the store and I was ready to go! This holds a ton of stuff and is easy to run. The everyday dish cycle is 80 minutes. I don't mind that because while it runs I have a million other things that I can be doing. My dishes come out sparkling clean and no more wasting time doing all of my dishes by hand! I would highly recommend this dishwasher to everyone! Just don't be a doofus and try to unhook it from the sink after a load before you shut the water off like I did one night when I was really tired. The water splashing me was a refreshing reminder to pay attention to what I was doing! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:00:07	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
53884724	I hate long reviews, so I'll give you the short.  I've owned this dishwasher for 4 months now and I'm generally happy with it's quietness and ability to clean.  However, I'm extremely disappointed with its loading.  Every time I go to load this, I have to fight with it.  It's about 3X more expensive than my last dishwasher, and loads about 2X worse, and holds less dishes.  I would not buy this again solely due to its loading ability.  Another negative is its child proof locking.  Instead of setting this once, you have to set it every time you load the dishes.  If you have children, and don't have the time to fuss loading, then look for another machine.  You won't be happy with this one. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:00:07	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
77070117	The first one I owned was bought off of craigslist for $50. I immediately fell in love with it! It cleans SO well, better than my mothers full sized one! I do use it in our RV where my husband has permanently installed it. So I don't know a lot when it comes to the quick connect with the faucet. I do know my husband said it wouldn't have worked with my big fancy moen faucet anyway. The used one started acting up and we decided to just go ahead and buy a new one and we have kept the other one for parts! All in all I'm extremely please with this dishwasher. It has saved me a lot of time and wrinkly hands! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
68387524	I have had it for about 16 months now.  No problems, does a great job -- I love it!! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:04:19	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
36866936	I purchased this portable dishwasher for my apartment, and within a week it was leaking from the bottom.  It turns out that several screws were loose, making me pretty nervous - since apparently a thorough inspection was lacking at the factory.  It looks good, and seems like it cleans well - but the cycle is long and it is noisy.  Unfortunately, as far as portable dishwashers go, there isn't much of a choice - so I'm not sure if I'm going to exchange this for another Maytag or go on to something else... 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:04:19	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
40518081	Dishwasher arrived well packaged and seemingly well protected.  The problem is that there seems to be a lot of quality control issues- I've tried running the dishwasher twice and both time it leaks heavily from the bottom (enough to cause a flood within 2 minutes of turning on).  As the leak isn't coming from an (obvious) seal and rather through a pre-drilled hole in the plastic base, there's no way to diagnose its origin.Mistakes/defects happen but there's absolutely no customer service/technical helpline info in the poorly translated literature that arrived in the packaging.  As such, it seems the only option is to attempt to repackage this monster and send it back.Who's gonna do my dishes?  ;) 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:04:19	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Leak Complaint	Yes		false
82700908	I share a one-bedroom apartment with my girlfriend, and between meals at home and frequent guests, I felt like I was constantly washing dishes throughout the day and it was really becoming annoying. The alternative was to let them pile up in the sink or on the countertop and do them at night, but this is unsightly and we have very little space in the kitchen as it is. I also have sensitive skin and dish detergents can cause an allergic reaction which gives me an unsightly rash. So I figured what the hell, this thing isn't all that expensive and I can always return it if it sucks. Free 2-day shipping with prime sealed the deal.So a few days later it arrives. It was very well packed with lots of corner pads and arrived in perfect condition. Setting it up was pretty easy - a few hoses to screw into the rear of the unit that was self explanatory. Then came the question of where to place the unit. We have very little counter space, so the best place for us ended up being on top of the refrigerator (our fridge is within a few feet of the sink, which is where the unit hooks up). This made good use of the dead space on top of the fridge, and kept all the counter space available! The only drawback is that my girlfriend needs to stand on a chair or step ladder to reach it at this height - I am over 6' tall so it's not an issue. An added bonus to this placement is that the hose assembly that connects the unit to the sink can be hidden behind the fridge when not in use. Set up is super easy - just screw in the little threaded piece onto the faucet before use, then connect the hose, and turn on the hot water tap. Add your detergent, select your cycle, and away you go!Performance wise, I would say the unit works better than I expected, and can produce sparkling clean dishes, but is a bit fussy. What I mean by that is that it is very sensitive to the way the dishes are packed inside, and will absolutely not work at all in anything is dangling down beneath the rack that holds the dishes (it stops the spray bar from spinning, so only a third of your dishes get washed, and you have to run the cycle all over again). So long as you are careful about loading your dishes, and that you always check for anything that may block the motion of the spray bar, it cleans dishes well. A rinse aid helps quite a bit too - I just use white vinegar and pour it into the rinse aid compartment. When the dishes are done, I open the unit and pull the rack forward to let the dishes air-dry. With the vinegar rinse-aid, it only takes 5-10 minutes for the dishes to become dry after the cycle is done.The unit is usually filled up and ready to be run every two days. We still try to wash frequently used items, like coffee mugs and water glasses, by hand so that they don't take up space in the unit and we can put dirtier items in there that will benefit from the more complete cleaning (especially things like tupperware that it all covered in greasy leftover gunk). All in all it has saved us a ton of time and I no longer feel like I am constantly doing dishes. Really appreciate it after cooking a meal, since now I only have to do the pots and pans by hand - everything else goes into the dishwasher and cleanup is done! We almost always run the unit at night so the dishes are clean the next morning. This is mainly because this thing is pretty slow - normal cycle takes about an hour and a half to complete.General Pros and cons...Pros:- Well built unit with no leaks- Well packed- Easy to set up- Does a good job cleaning dishes if you are careful about loading them- Looks like any other kitchen appliance- Reasonably priced- Prime shipping!Cons:- Could use an extra inch of height - our normal sized plates have to be put in on a slight angle to fit, and this wastes some space.- Cycle time is pretty long, about an hour and a half for the normal cycle.- Sensitive to loading technique, easy to overlook something blocking the spray bar and waste a cycle.- A very minor annoyance, but there are eight loud beeps when the cycle is done - I think two or three would have been just fine. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:04:19	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Other Complaint	Yes		false
35087792	Had a Bosch Dishwasher that was about 9 years old.  The Bosch control unit failed so we had to either spend a small fortune to get it repaired or we had to replace it.  Since it was 9 years old we decided to replace it.  Upon the recommendation of several sales people and several reviews online, we decided on this Kitchenaide.  Don't care for the rack system much but figured we'd get used to it over time.  We do like the overall style as it looks great in our contemporary kitchen.  What we're not at all happy with is the sound!  This unit is rated at 49 decibels and yet it's MUCH louder then our previous Bosch that was rated at 54 decibels.  I found out after purchasing the Kitchenaide that there is no universal standard for reported decibel ratings.  What this really means is you can't trust the manufacturers sound ratings.  I have a decibel meter and this Kitchenaide tips the scale at 59 decibels!!  That's a lot louder then advertised!  It's a dishwasher...and yes...all dishwashers make some noise...but this one is much louder then advertised and is not worth the extra $$. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:08:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Noise Complaint	Yes		false
87038981	Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher. We are on our FOURTH Stainless Steel Samsung Dishwasher. They look great and are extremely quiet but they are NOT functional! Ours keeps displaying a 5E error message, the plastic parts to adjust the top rack have broken off and the dishwasher smells like spoiled milk, even after a full clean cycle. The WORST! Samsung does not stand behind it's products and I think they expect consumers to buy a new dishwasher every year! Do not buy a Samsung Dishwasher! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:08:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Smell Complaint	Yes		false
62511380	This dishwasher may be small, but it packs a punch. I don't have the hookup for a full sized dishwasher and fighting over who does the dishes was getting overwhelming. This purchase solved all the problems. I've had it for almost a year now and its been very trustworthy. Hooks up straight to your kitchen sink and washes up to 5 settings at once. Make sure to measure out the counter top space before you buy it. It's pretty tall and might not fit. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:08:00	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
90563314	We bought this dishwasher from Sears in about 2007/8. I found that unless you use the most expensive dish detergent - the cascade complete sachets, it does not clean properly. And even then some glasses from time to time have residue and crusty bits inside.After about1.5 years the door dropped, possibly from a heavy load on the bottom shelf (but come on...), and now it doesn't sit at 90 degrees, but slopes down and almost spills the bottom load out as the rack gets full.I had the same problem as one of the previous reviewers with the top rack almost coming off. Fortunately i noticed the screw loose and tightened it. However this was only a few months after we bought it. This should not have happened.This is not a good quality dishwasher. It was not cheap; I think about $650 at the time. The dishwasher we bought at my previous house was a Kenmore and about $150 (a floor model) and everything came clean every time. I thought that the price would mean better quality... not necessarily so.Pros: it runs very quietly, it looks nice, and I think it doesn't use a lot of water or power... energy star etc. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:08:00	Performance Defect		Other Component Defect	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
62067501	I am not satisfied at all with this dishwasher.  The only good thing about it is that it is quiet.  The dishes come out still dirty and soaking wet.  I have tried different detergents but it just does not do a good job.  The drying cycle does not work well at all either. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:08:00	Performance Defect		No Component Defect	Cleanliness Complaint	Yes		false
41576037	Well stay away from this sucker.....we have have the repair shop out multiple times.  Has been out of working order since 2 or 3 weeks before Thanksgiving.  Came out again today it still doesn't work!!  I wish Amana had this sorry POS back! I hate it.  Don't think I would ever get anything Amana made if this is the type of product they make. Trying to end on a positive note when it worked it did work OK,  just seems to have something wrong with it most of the time.  We got it in March or April of this year!  I have dish pan hands. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:09:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
24681188	Wouldn't touch maytag dishwashers.  All we have had are problems from the motor to the racks, and door latch.  Customer service were the most unhelpful group of people I have ever delt with. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:09:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Other Complaint	Yes		false
57995586	I am very disappointed in this product. I bought this dishwasher in November 2010, model No. KUDS30FXSS0. Since then I have had repeated failures of the electronic control board and bi-metal fuse. During the warranty period Kitchenaid  dispatched service persons six times to replace the circuit board and bi-metal fuse. I asked again and again to resolve the underlying problem causing the failures, but they never did, just swapped out parts.Now the warranty period is over and I am on my own for repair. The second through fifth year of the warranty is supposed to cover electronic controls , but Kitchenaid tells me the bi-metal fuse is not covered.I have also had the wheels fail and fall off the upper rack twice.Even when it does work, it does not clean well. All of the claimed energy and water efficiency is lost when you have to run the thing twice to clean.After two years I have had enough, ready to junk it. Overpriced and  faulty  product. 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:09:43	Performance Defect		Multiple Component Defects	Multiple Complaints	Yes		false
61070715	Moved into a small apartment. The fiance and i decided we didnt want to wash by hand all the time but we dont have room for a floor standing washer. Read the reviews on this and made the purchase.Have had this about 4 months now and its worked well. You cant stuff it and i would advise a quick rinse prior to loading dishes, but they come out spotless. We run ours every day or every other day and its simple and quite. It isnt very fast, on standard setting ours runs for about 2 hours but generally we dont need it to be fast.Have this on our counter in the corner of an L shape and it fits with about 2 inches or so between the top of it and bottom of the cabinets.Quality is top notch, seems to be efficient (we dont pay for water, only electric). Doesnt use a ton of soap or the spot removing stuff.Overall im very happy with it, highly recommend 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:09:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
87074773	We have been using it for about  two years, love it!  One problem, it is so quiet and with all of the controls hidden I continue to open it when it is running! 	kriss95	10-27-2015 07:09:43	No Defect		No Component Defect	No Complaint	No		false
